{"context": "Help. Help me. I dunno what I'm doing anymore", "response": "That's pretty vague, do you not know what you're doing in regards to a specific section of your life? Like school or work?", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I'm done saying I love you to her because I don't want to hear a lie back to me. I feel so ugly and unwanted and unloved", "response": "idk what a Red pill means exactly but my advice to you is if she treating you right then fuck her there are billions of other girls out there, and if u feel like in love with her and just leave her then try to not care and you have to accept the fact that some girls(as well as some guys) will lie straight to your face for years without any remorse. my advice is stop caring before too late.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Always feel like I'm being criticized and mocked even when alone.... Does anyone else experience this?", "response": "I think it's social anxiety , that creates paranoid feelings , unless I'm wrong but that's how I feel", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "My diet becomes fucked when i get depressed.. I can't control myself in the grocery store when I'm feeling down. Chips, cookies, soda, cake, you name It. Anyone else a stress eater?", "response": "By any chance do you think you're in a loop. Junk food can make you depressed. And being depressed probably makes you eat more junk food? For a while that was my problem too. Even if its just random, ill probably binge and feel bad later. Only to indulge in more later to try to cheer up.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I hate not knowing why. I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety when I was 14. That's almost 4 years ago and I still don't know why I am like this. I have more than enough, yet there are moments where I feel like there's no hope nor a bright future waiting for me. I feel alone and abandoned even though I have friends who know that I am depressed and am like this sometimes. I get so frustrated when I can't find out why I just can't be normal. Everything was alright about 2 hours ago, but it just changes so quickly and hard that I almost feel suicidal. I'm a fucking mess...", "response": "depression. not sadness which is caused by something and is healthy. Depression is an actual mental disorder which commonly goes untreated. The best things you can do for depression is first of all, not hiding it, tell your loved ones so they can help you. also get a therapist, very helpful and help you cope with depression and get over it. If you think really bad you can see a doctor and see if medication is a good idea. I take antidepressants and my depression is gone, it change you like I originally thought it would, it just makes me the same but not sad all the time.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Not arsed with school. Can't study or do homework.. My family is in a bad way right now and I'm in a bad way, mentally. I just can't care about school anymore. Feels hopeless", "response": "That's why I'm repeating 11th grade. It sucks.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "My parents wont allow me to sick medical assistance because they think my depression is bs. Title. I'm 16, got no money. What to do?", "response": "Ask your school counselor what resources they can give you. Just go into the office, ask for the counselor, and see what they've got.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "I called in sick to work today. For the first time in a couple months I was feeling so Shitty I called into both my jobs today. Just feeling too burnt out, but I slept a lot, read quite a bit and finally managed to shower so the day a complete waste", "response": "Is that really so bad? Maybe it was the smart decision because you needed that time to read recover. You're being kind to yourself when you need it and that's important. Hope you feel better soon.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Lost my job, have no reason to live. My career is over, my personal relationships are barely existent, and the friends I do have live far away. I have absolutely no reason to live, no job prospects, no way to afford treatment. I will be killing myself soon unless a miracle happens.", "response": "Why can't you get a job as a lawyer?", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "i wanna jump from an elevated place. i wanna kill myself, like really really would like to jump off an elevated place, but not die what do i do? drugs? fall from somewhere not far above the ground(like a 4meters jump)? you know, i'd just like to die but i have a gr8 life other than that (I have different lives in two different countries, just want to kill myself in one)", "response": "I don't want you to jump. I don't want you to die, in either one. I don't know exactly what you're going through but from the sounds of it, I'd suggest focusing on the parts in your life that you enjoy.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Wrong diagnosis-ADHD vs Bipolar Depression. For the past 5 years I've dealt with being misdiagnosed. I have ADHD and Depression but was diagnosed with Bipolar disorder. Has anyone else had this happen? What were the ramifications? How did you handle and what actions did you take?", "response": "It's not uncommon. Bipolar can be very difficult to diagnose. We tend to think of it as a constant swinging between high and low but really you can be low all the time and still be bipolar if you had one high at some point. What you do is move forward with your new diagnosis and work on treatment and coping skills. ADHD and depression are generally easier to manage long term than bipolar disorder, so that's a plus.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "How long is this going to go for?. I wish I fucking knew. Fuck you and everyone else.", "response": "Expecting people to stop being depressed like turning off a light is extremely stupid.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "I've had a hard time going back to school. Going back to school has been difficult for me, It's been around five years since I've been in a class room and I ask the teachers and the people that I go to my classes to cut me some slack for being rusty but they tell me that it doesn't matter, and my step mom doesn't want me to use the computer because she doesn't want to share. Its lead me to skipping classes because I feel like theirs no use in going to school, it would be cool to know how you would handle this situation and if you can give me any advice.", "response": "sorry to hear that, but been in a similar situation after taking some time off of school. My best advice is to take the minimum amount of classes possible so you get too overwhelmed. For me essential to plan my assignments in advance, so that I can just do things one by one and not let it all get piled up cuz then I wanna die. Also, if you need a break, take one. School will always be there but good to take care of yourself too :)", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Depression. So any non med for depression ?", "response": "The generic answers heard over the years tend to go something like the following; exercise, sunlight, talking, therapy, stroking animals, eating healthily, meditation and writing one thing thankful for daily. I say with sincerity that any of those have worked for me but helped others. Keeping busy with hobbies on the days able to function might help. It does slightly for me.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "All the people who will be kissed on New year's eve. I'll be alone like usual I'll never get someone to kiss me It's fine No one understands how hopelessly, alone, and angrily some people live. It would scare some attractive people that haven't ever lived like that.", "response": "you're probably kinda cute honestly, but if you're anything like me, you've tricked yourself into thinking you're ugly. If you want people to want to be around you, you have to do some basic things like showering, putting on actual clothes, smiling, excercising a little and pretending you have confidence. It's honestly dumb, but these things can be hard to do, especially if you struggle with low confidence and depression. But if you take care of yourself, it's not too hard to find people. And just you wait until you find a person to kiss on New Years, because the feeling is worth the wait. I know this is all a bit corny, but if you ever wanna talk about anything I'd be more than happy to :)", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "It\u2019s terrible being alone in a crisis. Just wanted to express this.", "response": "No amount of 'you are not alone's from internet randos who won't reach out to you after will help. My local mental health system is an absolute joke and often made me more suicidal. So I also am alone when in crisis.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "honestly what is in this world for me.. nothing thats what i feel like living to make other people happy when they only like me cause they feel sorry for me not cause they actually like me jesus i live such a sorry life.", "response": "at least you got people trying to comfort you. I even dont have that. Again there are people who got it Much worse", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Why the fuck am I depressed. I don't even remember when or why but I just feel empty Like I'll be having a great time and suddenly I just want to go home and sleep It's so fuckin dumb I just want to be happy I'm not even sure why like is it because I'm a little overweight? Or stress? Or because I can't get a girlfriend? Because that's a stupid reason to be depressed Why am I doing this to myself How the fuck do I fix this Why do I write all this trash thinking people will actually read it", "response": "Does there need to be a reason? Depression is an illness, and like any other illness it doesn't need some form of justification, it just *is*", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "The world is really pretty.. Pity, that I won't be there anymore to cherish it.", "response": "You're a good man, Median. I hope you know this. I hope that you have people around you that will tell your story for centuries, and that you live on as a hero in the minds of newer generations. But, I'd rather you live, personally.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "this is.... Not sure if this is the right place but here I go. I feel alone, I feel trapped in my mind, I feel like life is a cycle and I don't know what to do anymore. I have gained weight in the past 3 months, everyone has noticed it all my friends and family. I have never been depressed nor ever felt like this really, only up until maybe 5 months ago. The thing is that I have not had anything traumatic happen to me to make me feel like this. I've had family problems but I don't really see that as a problem i've dealt with it for many years. Is it possible to be depressed for no real reason? Are these symptoms of depression?", "response": "Thats totally normal, most people get that from time to time. It will pass, the when is the real question. Good news is you can work on the when, at least it works for me. I think the key is to accept whatever you are feeling, not fight it and not try to change it, even try to get yourself to cry. The point is really to change your mindset from 'i have depression i can't cure it, it is killing me' to 'i'm sad again for no reason, human brain is a pile of shit and buggy as hell, I'm gonny cry all day to give it what it wants'..", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Having kids is the most selfish yet selfless thing a person can do.. I just wish I never existed.", "response": "Yes you are right from my experience.Not dealing with my problems. I isolated my family. It just came second nature.When they don't understand me.I kept busy on the shitty computer to avoid my problems. I realize that the worst thing i could have done. I need to try harder and put my family first who means everything to me.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Why does death make people sad?. a relief from the hell known as life", "response": "I don't really think life is he'll but I don't understand the weird sadness or fear of death that people have. I've known a few people who died. I wasn't sad at all. Everyone I know is going to die and one day I am going to die. Why is that sad?", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "If anyone will listen. I'm in a bad place right now. I could really use a friend.", "response": "No friends here, willing to listen. Need someone to listen to me sometime too. I'm going to bed right now, but if you want to message me I will get back to you tomorrow.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "When everything is a challenge. Tying your shoes..eating..pulling your shirt over your head, even just walking. Everything is hard like you're climbing up a mountain. What I wouldn't give to see the world differently", "response": "ive just sat in my room crying my eyes out thinking mostly about this. Conversations with people ive known my whole life i find difficult, its not natural. Everything feels so forced! im sick of trying so so hard to look normal. I hide my feelings from absolutely everyone and im exhausted. No motivation in life, feel like im a waste of skin", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I don't wanna go back to a psych unit a third time.. I feel like I'm being pushed over the edge. I don't want to go back to the psych unit for the third time in a 6 month period. What do I do?", "response": "Omgosh. I just want to validate this feeling because I have been there. That said, if it's a matter of safety, there is no question. You know that you need to go. You just do it. It's not some kind of failure. You are taking care of yourself. It DOES super suck though. Don't let anyone tell you it's all fine and fun to go through that. I've been there. I've come out the other end and been okay for long periods too though so I mean, it doesn't stay like that. Hang on. It gets better.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Feeling really hopeless right now.. Can anyone offer some positivity or good vibes right now?", "response": "Write here one good memory of something nice happened recently.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Nothing works. They took me off the one pill that worked. The pill I'm on now is the worst one of them all. Should I call them and tell them? I dont know who exactly to call. Please kill me.", "response": "What were you taking before vs what are you taking now? Are you being prescribed by your general doctor or a psychiatrist? Do you feel like you are in danger right now?", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I'm gonna become an alcoholic. I don't want to. I haven't touched a drop of booze in my life. I don't really have access to it, as I'm underage. But I think more and more about drinking every day, and I wonder if it will work to mediate the symptoms just a bit. My grandfather is a recovering alcoholic, and I don't want to follow in his footsteps, but I know I will eventually. I'm just waiting to see when I snap.", "response": "I'm down in that hole. Don't get sucked in is my advice. You'll get nothing good out of it. The thing with alcohol is that, once you start drinking too much, too often, the idea that it makes you feel better is entertained while it is not true at all. It's: *I drink to forget, but I've drank so much I don't know what it is I have to forget. So I drink, just to be sure.* Alcohol and drugs have become a habit for me and I can't really live without them anymore. I need them to maintain a level of tolerable shittiness - but trust me, I'd be way less miserable if I never started it.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I\u2019m okay all of the sudden. How can i be so fucking depressed thinking about suicide every single day to just being fine? been a month or two since been feeling suicidal and out of nowhere i just feel ok. What. The. Fuck.", "response": "Thought I was ok and it passed away for half a year, but now it is coming back, and it hits twice as bad as before.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I've been in bed for 5 days. I can't seem to stay up for more than an hour at a time. Tomorrow is my last sick day. If I can't get up I will lose my job. Somehow I really don't even care. I wish I could just blink out of existence.", "response": "Get up and take a shower, and then go for a walk so you can clear your mind. That usually helps me after going through one of these periods. It sucks, but you'll get through it. And don't lose your job, you don't want to end up on the street. You're stronger than you think, there's just a cloud of depression around you that's obscuring your vision. Stay strong and don't give up. You can do this.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": ".. Why do I always have good news followed by a shit night, followed by sitting up at 2am wanting to kill myself? Why is life so difficult? Why is it so impossible to be fucking happy for once in my shit fucking life? What's the point anymore?", "response": "well not for nothing but you made it extremely difficult to read your post by only using a period in the title. JUST saying not judging.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Does anyone else sleep early to escape thoughts you get at night?. I always see people say how depression causes them to stay awake at night or become lethargic during the day but after 10pm, I become increasingly paranoid and depressed and so I force myself to sleep. Just want to know if anyone out there is the same...", "response": "i used to. rn im in the area of not going to sleep so tmrw doesn't come", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "how do I get $100 quickly and easily?. I want to buy weed. of course some one who is depressed like me needs drugs. but im serious i want weed so i can just smoke 24/7 to help with the depression.", "response": "I mean fastest way is a pawnshop or trading stuff into GameStop", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Since we all hate the world and how unfair it why dont we all just become humanitarians. :) even though the bad outweighs the good at least we we will be helping others :):)", "response": "If I had any will to do something good, I'd be doing it.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Had a dream about my parents falling apart and crying because they thought I'd killed myself.. Dream!me hadn't yet, but was unable to tell them because for some reason they couldn't see or hear me. So all I could do was stand there beside them and watch them break down and cry. Thanks, brain. I haven't been feeling shitty and hating myself enough recently while awake.", "response": "Okay, so feeling shitty is necessarily a shitty feeling. But, even subconscious you is empathetic and cares about others, which is a beautiful fuckin' thing to be. It's why you have the capacity to feel so bad, and it's also why you can (if you want to) be an amazing resource for people. Being able to feel things as deeply as you or I can is something to be cherished and protected and put to good use. The world could use more empathy, you know? It's okay to hate yourself too, btw. Just be honest with yourself about your good traits as well, yeah? &lt;3", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "changes. i see no changes wake up in the morning and i ask myself is life worth living should i blast myself", "response": "Each day repeats with the only change is it gets worse, preach man.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "my problems are insignificant. i get bullied. i bully myself. i get beat up. i beat up myself. my family the best, but they the worst. i have things to look forward to, even if they provide a minuscule amount of happiness. other people have it worse. i whine. i am insignificant.", "response": "Pain's pain. There's no point in comparing our suffering to someone else's. Depression doesn't demand that you have a good reason. On a surface level, there's a lot about my life that people would even be jealous of, but that doesn't make me any less miserable. You're the only one living your own experience, no one else can say whether or not it warrants pain. If you feel something, you feel something", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "The only thing getting 'lit' this weekend are my fall scented candles.. I am so lonely. I'm in summer vacation and I just lay in bed all day, and browse random shit online. I wish I could do fun things, but Nope, couldn't even get that in life.", "response": "Treat yourself to some body lotion, chocolate icecream and maybe a glass of wine while you're at it. Couldn't ask for a more relaxing weekend than that.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "who cares if i exist?. today is a sad day. its just one of those days i guess. i'm just kinda done. theres not much to look forward to these days. everything is just kinda the same.", "response": "I care, man. Hang in there, things will get better eventually.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Someone please come and break my legs and put me in hospital. I can't go to work anymore", "response": "pancreatic cancer and another one who was about to have his legs amputated because of diabetes. It is absolutely miserable seeing them alone throughout the entire day waiting for a visit and sometimes they have anyone come over at all. Furthermore, the medical staff were stretched so thin that I had to scream and bear unspeakable pain for 45 minutes before I could get my shot of painkillers. This was after they had attached the rods to my arm. Oh and last but not least, absolutely humiliating to use the restroom or shower. I understand and appreciate the efforts the medical staff commit but I really help but feel embarrassed when they shower me or escort me to the restroom. wish to be admitted to the hospital. EVER.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "It was my 20th birthday yesterday. I had no emotions at all towards it.", "response": "Mine is coming up and I am generally indifferent to it. I told my family I don't want to do anything for it.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "It's my 18th birthday, everyone is congratulating me and to be honest I'm surprised I've made it this far.. Everyone wonders what I want to do with my life and I have no idea. The reason I have no idea is that I didn't think I'd still be alive today. I thought I would have ended it by now. Happy birthday to me", "response": "Congrats on your birthday. I've never thought as well that i might see my HS graduation this year.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I'm contemplating suicide via ruining my life.. If I can't do it quickly, then I'll do it slowly. I'm in no rush. I mean fuck it. I'm going to be miserable whether I'm working my dream job or being a cashier at McDonald's. What's the point in taking up something someone else is gonna enjoy more?", "response": "Maybe one day things will become brighter for you to see it in a better light so that dream job might be ideal", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "emotional trauma/neglect and being re-traumatized on top of the depression. I can't take it anymore I just want out.", "response": "How did the trauma come about?", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Fuck it. My girl and I broke up and im done. I was doing so well. Been clean for months now and now... I just want to die and get it over with.", "response": "I hope you're still here. It gets better.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Everyday I ask myself why I haven't killed myself.. And as each day passes I have less reasons.", "response": "If there's one thing I regret not doing, it's that I didn't kill myself when I was 12 and actually attempted it. It's been all downhill in the 15 years since.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I finished a 6 hour motorcycle ride between two states.. Why didn't I get hit?", "response": "a motorcycle ride sounds super cool. i can't even force myself on my bike.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Why is it so easy to blame ourselves?. It's strange, sometimes when I make mistakes that clearly not my fault I blame myself for it, but why is that and how can we stop blaming ourselves for everything?", "response": "I'm trying to increase my self worth so I stop doing this exact thing. My frustration immediately gets taken out on the one thing I seem to hate the most: me. I've started to set small goals for myself every day so each day feels like a success when I achieve those goals. This has led me to branch out and actually put myself out there. In doing so I'm discovering a passion for mental health advocacy and rekindling a love for doing creative stuff. I'm not saying everything has immediately gotten better. Holy shit it hasn't. But this helps at least a little for me! Hope you can find omething that works for you. Let me know if you wanna talk about it", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Is the good even worth it?. idek anymore. Too much bad...", "response": "The good is worth it! Hang in there! You can get through this because you're stronger than this! You can make it through cause the good will be worth it! Lots of love!", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "People said try finding yourself a goal. But I have goals. I can't work on them because I feel tired. Which makes me feel more worst due to my failure.. I am not sad I am just feel...given up.", "response": "i guess the idea is that have something strong enough to motivate you towards it. I personally have goals but I never have so I really help you here.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "I have become comfortably numb. afraid of who I am becoming", "response": "What does that mean in practice? Are you one of those persons who got tired of being used so now you use others?", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I feel so alone. And it hurts so much", "response": "Please know that someone out there cares for you and would be heartbroken if you here.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "It would mean so much for someone to just notice something is wrong and ask if I'm okay. Just once, I want someone to know I'm spiraling down without me having to pour everything onto them. If they'd just be interested enough in my well being to *ask*...", "response": "for just... one moment? She said: ... I never knew, that it was that obviously. No one ever told me that. I answered: I guess plenty of people know that something isn't ok with you, but most people just care about their own shit or just don't know what to say. If you wanna talk... I'm here. She ended the dialouge with Thank you.... And she never wrote me again since then. I felt bad somehow. On the one hand, I just wanted to help, but she refused it somehow or I scared her too much. On the other hand... maybe I just made it worse for her, and that's of course not what I wanted. The human mind is a thing, no one can explain. It's infinite.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I can't even drink to escape my sorrows because I can't stand the taste of alcoholic drinks. So at least you guys have that going for you haha.", "response": "Weed make my sorrow funny", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "I think God laughed the day he put me on this Earth.. Depression is the cruelest punishment of all.", "response": "He's laughing at all of us, that sick fuck.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Anyone feel homesickness at home. I know that sounds strange but I think that's the best way to articulate it.", "response": "No time to find link right now, but Sarah Silverman said exactly this in her interview with Terry Gross on Fresh Air a few months ago.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "hit a big depressive dip recently.. a combination of parents yelling at me, dissatisfaction at life, and mixed feelings about everything brought me into a low point again. i feel like i've broken yet another thing inside me.", "response": "was sit in front of my computer and not leave the house. It wasn't like I was actually doing anything productive but on youtube / games I was just rotting and completely ok with it because it stopped me feeling that deep void inside and the negative voice. I am now 28. Iv'e managed to find a little bit more of a balance between technology and life but I am still depressed and cycle in and out of this. I would look into an addiction though, it is possible to be addicted to electronics (especially gaming and the internet). If you feel like you're agitated and your depression is linked into computer usage you might want to consider that your depression and negativity is linked into an addiction.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Stress fasting?. Do you folk get it? When it gets rough I pretty much won't eat for 4-7 days", "response": "I have the opposite problem. I eat and eat and eat when depressed. Sometimes when I have bad anxiety I eat though.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "What did you live through in 2018?. Every year, my mom has the family reflect on things that we've gotten through during the year. Good or bad, we made it through something. So now, I'm asking you the same thing: What's something you lived through in 2018 that you can now say, I made it through. &amp;#x200B; What I lived through: losing all of my friends but making a new one, concerts, trip out of my home state, and making photography work I can be proud of now, getting on stable meds.", "response": "as well, love to see some of your work if you wanna share. at the end of last year my girlfriend of two and a half years left me, i had to move back home with my parents and lost all but one of my friends. but it pushed me to finally come out as trans and get hormone therapy. one year later and i feel like myself for the first time in 22 years. a few months ago i stood up to my shithead boss and quit my job working repossession. i really miss the money but miss slaving away for 80 hours a week and now looking into getting a job dreamed of since i was in highschool. sometimes things really do happen for a reason.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "spectrum where everything makes me angry. All day I experience silent rage. Things piss me off more than they did before. And this is the way i isolate myself without knowing it at times. My family tells me they don't know who I am anymore, they ask why I'm mad all the time. My partner does not get fair treatment from how shitty I treat him. My whole life is that feeling you get when your mom tells you to take out the garbage right before you're about to go sleep. Little inconvenience after little inconvenience turns into full on discomfort being awake and always being pissed off you have to do anything at all. I don't know how to not be mad anymore and it scares me.", "response": "I feel the same way. I'm angry and depressed. It takes a lot out of me emotionally to do little things like run errands. I hate interacting with people. They state at me funny and act like I'm scary which makes me angry. It's exhausting.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Anyone else have a hard time this time of year? Looking for some help.. I have 2 kids and am having such a hard time getting into the Christmas spirit. The darkness makes me tired all the time and I feel like doing anything but going to bed.", "response": "Personally I hate Christmas and all the Christmas spirit crap.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Anyone else feel incapable of being happy?. No matter how good things are I just can't seem to be happy.", "response": "I just feel like I don't have a purpose. Like while I need things to survive. The things I need don't need me.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I cried for no reason in a public place. That was the first time I really cried in a crowded place.", "response": "I was close to doing this so many times.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "im at my lowest point in life. i keep on failing at everything i do, i have no reason to live. Please help i cant do this anymore. Its become too big for me, i have no idea or hope on what to do. Please, help.", "response": "I'm here. I'll try to help.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Got back from therapist.. and it was useless... she only questioned me why i dont work and why i dont have any meaning in this life... useless visit for a useless person.. well i guess its time to stop this..", "response": "I felt this EXACT way when I first went as well. I felt like it was a grilling of my life, and I even tried to lie and say that I'm mostly 100% happy with my life and that I just wish I had more friends and cleaned the house more. YEAH RIGHT. I'm a mess a lot of the time and have so many problems I dont know where to begin. Eventually once I started to know my therapist and dive into the smaller issues, did she really start to open up and I opened up myself as well. Keep going. The first day is the hardest I think", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Have you ever just stared blankly at a car's headlights as it speeds towards you, wishing that it would it would hit and kill you instantaneously?. You close your eyes accepting the promised bliss of death... and the car stops. You slowly sink bank to reality as you open your eyes again and walk on.", "response": "One of my old therapists used to tell me that these were still considered suicidal thoughts even though I actively planning to do anything. I always told her it was just wishful thinking. Lol.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Wish my parents would die so I could commit suicide. I don't want to be alive.", "response": "My current goal is to outlive everyone that cares about me. It seems like the nicest thing I can do for them, and it also grants me a chance to figure stuff out. All of my self-preservation instincts are driven off of the pain I would cause loved ones if something were to happen to me, in all situations, and that fear is what keeps me going during the worst of it. If you can't do it for yourself, try to carry on for someone you care about.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "My dog ran away today.. It's my fault, I left the gate wide open. I feel like shit.", "response": "It really is one of the worst feelings. My dog who was my best friend for 6 years was just gone one day when I got home. That was about two years ago and I still miss my buddy", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I miss my mum. I'm just crying a lot today and.I'm really depressed because I miss my mum", "response": "I'm sorry, my friend. I lost my mum too, two years ago. I feel your pain but it'll get better for you, I promise.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "any good days that I may have. I get one every month or so and it's quite possibly worse than just being depressed. It dosent matter how happy I am or how much I try, I know it will be right back. And worse than a normal day. After a few hours I fall right back down. I honestly don't know why I'm still alive. My life has just been a series of fuck ups. I should be a functioning adult by now and yet I can barely think straight. I'm just running in circles, I do the minimum to survive. Daydreaming is my only escape and even my depression is inhibiting that. Why, why me, why any of us. I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy.", "response": "You got it all wrong. You should be looking forward to making more of those happy days, if you force yourself to be sad simply because you know you're depressed, you'll never get over it ever. Hang onto those days and strive to make more happy days each month. Depression is fed from negative thought process, let it starve", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Maybe I'm not depressed. Maybe I just don't like living.. I mean, I don't seem to have ANY depressive symptoms except being generally dissatisfied with life and being suicidal. None of the drugs worked. None of the shrinks helped. Maybe living really is just a shitty, boring thing in aggregate.", "response": "Everything is pointless, all our feelings are illusions because they are all brain chemicals. I don't see any meaning in life, there is no purpose, no happiness, no satisfaction. Why being happy/wanting to live is the normal quality of a human? Can't depressed be normal too? Is depression real?", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I feel numb. This year has been so hard. I have never felt loneliness like I have this year. Overwhelming feelings of sadness and despair wash over me as I am just walking long the road or sat at work. It takes so much energy to pretend to be normal for family or colleagues. I am so tired. My day used to be happy. I used to find joy in things but there is no joy left. But I know that I don't feel empty. Far from empty as there is so much darkness inside me. I feel numb. Does anyone else feel nub?", "response": "What I can say that I can relate somewhat to your situation. Upholding social standard is hard and especially hard is keeping in line with what your family wants from you. You need to be able to find joy in new things, in what you find interesting currently, even if it isn't exactly accepted socially and your family might not like it. It's your life, not your parent's.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Anyone else has nothing worth living for?. No friends, no job prospects, no romantic success to look forward to. Makes life look like an utterly pointless waste of time. Anyone else struggling with this?", "response": "Not in the same way - I have a job (and prospects), I have some friends, but I live a life in solitude, since I cannot enjoy spending time with friends or people because it amplifies my depression - and I have no clue why. Maybe because I always feel alone, even when in company which makes me avoid it. So yeah, it's not what I'd call a life worth living and at least somehow related to your struggle.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Anyone take mental health days from work?. Do you use vacation, PTO, sick, FMLA?", "response": "Back at my old job, I used sick leave.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Depression shower thought. Common saying out there that suicide is selfish, but what a lot of non-suicidal people don't understand is that people who are suicidal know that the people around them will have better lives if they were not in it and know that being alive is selfish.", "response": "I think it's more like...suicide IS selfish, but so is asking someone to not commit suicide. So the argument is just kind of invalid because it's merely a question of who gets to be selfish.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Sometimes I wonder why I even try. I've never really overcome depression, because it always comes back worse than before. This is the worst I've ever had; I can't go more than 5 minutes without thinking about suicide.", "response": "Same, well obviosuly I don't know how you feel 100% but I thinks its appropiate to say I can relate to you deeply. Why don't we try distract ourselves, even if its just 5 mins. Listen to a song you like, watch a small video, browse r/eyebleach or even go drink water. Im gonna try and watch something in youtube to at least try and not think about you know what. Wannna try with me? :)", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "I have been a Freshmen for 3, 1/2 years. I don't even blame my depression , I am just dumb. I was at community college for three years and now I am on academic probation in a university, this is my second semester here and I only have twelve credits to my name. I am trying , I really am but it's just hard and hopeless. The other day my parents told me we made room for your future degree , next to your siblings degrees! I am twenty-two years old going on twenty-three. I don't know what to do.", "response": "It took me seven years to get a bachelors, and a lot of that was done part time or online. Do it on your schedule. Nobody else's.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Its silly how out of the blue it can hit you and ruin everything you built mentally up to that point.. especially during the ACT. fuck me.", "response": "Its not silly, its cruel ;-;", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "It\u2019s like I\u2019m driving with no driving wheel. And just wishing for the car to hit a wall", "response": "Except we're all driving on a flat plane", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Your entire reason for existing explained in one word.. Work. . . That's about it.", "response": "Revenge. . . On a life thrown away.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Getting out of your situation or not is a choice.. Paraphrasing what a former friend used to say. Splendid, I felt so enlightened I could cry tears of joy.", "response": "Well yeah, but what about the relatives and the mess?", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Anyone feel numb/epmpty. I don't really know of its depression but I figured you guys could help. I have this number feeling where I just don't feel emotions other then sad or angry I just feel empty. Like I'm just a shell with nothing inside just going through life. I don't really know what to do with myself I don't want to kill myself because it would hurt the people I care about most but at the same time I can't feel anything other then everything suck why am I here. It's really tough to even get out of bed in the morning all I want to do is cry. Does anyone have any ideas on coping with this numb/empty feeling because nothing makes me happy.", "response": "Hellow, is bad to hear that you're doing bad, I feel kinda the same, don't kill yourself, you're going to die anyway, so try and enjoy as much as you can. I hate how my life is right now, I feel empty and bored with everything/everyone, but.. **I love being alive**, you know, even tho existence itself has no meaning, we can just try and take the best out of it as long as we can.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Today is my birthday. I should be happy and shit, but I'm just empty. Does this happen to you, when you should be happy but your just empty? This sucks. Want this shit to end", "response": "Happy birthday bud :) Being a Virgo has its perks... this isn't one of them. Always a perfectionist, never happy with anything. I feel you man.. tomorrow is my birthday.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Idk. It's 5 am and everything is hitting at once", "response": "same man I feel you", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "empty or indifferent. I'm still able to laugh and find things funny, but a lot of the time I just feel like a machine, doing things because I have to. My motivation is minimal. A part of me is just not transitioning very well from high school to university. I don't like it here and I don't know how to describe it, either. Maybe out of place? Not fitting in? The environment here is just cold. I've been looking forward to sleeping more lately, but I dunno if that's just my exhaustion from late night studying/work or something else. I think I failed my chemistry exam and the course and it doesn't really phase me. I don't know what's wrong. Am I depressed? Do you guys feel similarly?", "response": "guessing you feel kind of lost and without a direction and you just are following the path that you feel is required of you. While apathy is one symptom of depression, it doesn't necessarily mean that you have depression. By no means am I downplaying depression or trying to convince you that nothing is wrong because there isn't any on true definition of depression. I felt like you for a while, just a few small pleasures but nothing really else. For me, it went away after a few months. If you want to talk about it more or anything, feel free to ask anything. My only advice is don't give up now, because if it goes away, you'll regret a lot of things that you stopped caring about.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I'm curious about how anti-depressants have affected you. I've been dealing with depression since I was 12 (I'm nearly 19 now) and in the past, my doctor recommended anti-depressants. I was hesitant because I've had friends say it essentially makes you feel like an emotionless robot, so I ended up declining that option entirely. I feel like my depression has only gotten worse and worse and am now looking to meds as a last resort. To anyone currently/previously on anti-depressants, could you tell me how it's affected you both mentally and physically? Thank you all &lt;3", "response": "Really depends on the particular medication. Everyone responds differently as well. I have mostly had bad experiences with antidepressants, but I am not a good example. I know people who really improved while being on them. It is a bit of a gamble and it can take time to find the suitable med for you. I would say it is worth a try though.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I've had depression since I was 8 years old and I am now 21 years old with no recovery.. This makes me incredibly scared of my future...", "response": "Depressed since I was 9, I'm 23 now...I totally feel you, you are not alone. Thankfully life does seem to get better for each year that passes, I deal with the severe depression as it occurs and try to enjoy the times when it's milder. Good luck to you in life.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Does anyone else feel normal late at night?. I find myself depressed mostly morning-evening. However I feel content and relaxed late at night", "response": "Late at night is pretty much the only time I feel normal. Too bad I waste most of the night on sleep.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Feeling dead inside. For the last 1-2 weeks feeling nothing inside, like most of the other people, dont know what to do. Thoughts in the middle of the night well, i might die, i dont have what to live for. Literally void of nothing, black space.", "response": "As someone who's felt the same, what do you have? And I'm speaking objectively, because I typically don't want to admit that I have what I need when I feel as you do. Not that I'm saying that you do have a lot, but your post doesn't necessarily shed a lot of light on what's going on. It's easy, or it has been for me, at least, to say that I don't know what to live for, in the past. Somebody out there cares, man/woman, small or large. I don't know what your situation is, by your post, but feel free to message me if you want.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Feel like I'm forgetting what enjoyment is. Time with my partner doesn't feel fulfilling, not like it did. Even my zoo job feels routine; I don't do much there, and today, I feel dull to it. I hate this; I don't deserve numbness, I should be grateful for my life. Depression, thieving fucker..", "response": "You deserve it! No one does! should yourself, though. Try to roll with it instead of beating yourself down more. You could comfort yourself instead and see what that does.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "The 20's. Are the 20's supposed to suck this bad. I want to fast forward to when my life gets better. Kind of like a click remote.", "response": "Will pray for you my friend. Pray lift these things and issues up to God. Pray without ceasing. Put your faith and trust in the Lord that he would help you overcome these issues and struggles. I wish you the very best. God bless you my friend.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Feel so lonely and hopeless... My mind even clear enough to articulate my thoughts to write here clearly. I just feel so lonely and want to die.", "response": "YOU ARE NOT ALONE!!!! You posting here proves that. No matter what give up. There is always a better day, a better year, and a better life. There is so much help waiting for you. Talk it all out here if you need to, we judge and we can all relate. Please rob the world of your life! PM if you need help or need to talk, always willing to!", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Lonely in a crowd. I'm hanging here at a party of about 75 drinking, and I feel completely alone.", "response": "Exactly. Don't worry OP it will be ok, if one of your conversations got awkward just shrug it off, it doesn't fucking matter. If you see someone alone , go talk to them. If everyone is in a group just be like hey guys what's sup , again don't try to be weird just be yourself. People will accept you I promise. It's best if you try taking to one person, it has much better results so go do your thing", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Feeling nervous when happy. So yesterday I felt happy for the first time in a while and switched from my depressing music to my happy music. I quickly switched back to my depressing music because the happiness made me feel uneasy and nervous. Anyone else have this happen to them?", "response": "Really I just get more nervous because I suddenly have that happiness to lose. When Im depressed it is what it is, but when like carrying a bag of money through a bad neighbourhood at let me lose lol. I be happy if not risking something. The risk and fear of losing the happiness, is part of how I feel good. Like, I feel proud that willing to take that risk. If that makes sense? Be careful with music, powerful. I have stuff I listen to because so good at effecting how I feel. Also, your brain releases a lot of chemicals when happy for the first time in a while, if ever had an extreme sugar rush, or done cocaine lol, it can be overwhelming. normal though.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I don't why but I just cut myself out of sheer boredom. I don't know why this happens and how to stop.", "response": "Replace cutting with something else. When you wanna cut do something else. I smoke haha but seriously maybe theres other things that you might enjoy. Before I lost all motivation for anything I used to like running till my body hurt. It releases endorphins and other good stuff. I can vouch, I felt good afterwards.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "no friends for 10 years. no gf. ugly. wtf do i do?. I'm a 24 year old old man.", "response": "allows you to clear your mind and be calm. Go to work or go to school and be yourself. Always find something that can make you laugh. A great sense of humor and a good personality can for real change the way people see you. I had terrible acne as a child and hated how I looked, but as I grew older I gained more friends through my humor. I only really have 2 friends but they are great friends. Quality over quantity and all that jazz. As for being single I too am in the double digit bus. I go from periods of loathing being alone to being numb to being okay with it. My friends and the things that make me laugh help ease that pain.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "despite being on medication, the depression is coming back. it worked so well, i thought finally i can feel normal again well that were some nice 2 months but now im feeling like shit again have some side effects as well and in about 1 month ill see my psychiatrist again lets see if i can survive till then", "response": "When did you notice you're feeling crappy again?", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Anxiety/panic attacks. How do you guys deal with anxiety/panic attacks? I used to have them a lot and could discrease them but never really stop. But now they're back on like, almost daily basis and I really don't know how to handle them at all.", "response": "Medication. My panic would feed on itself to the point where I'd have done just about anything to make it stop.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I wish i had cancer. So my family was helping me, instead of judging", "response": "Dude don't say that man your family loves you and trust me you do not want cancer", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Depressed.... I've faced the biggest betrayal ever, and I am depressed as shit. Any thoughts?", "response": "actually, you've faced the biggest betrayal up to date. Wether a bigger betrayal will happen in the future or not, you can't know. so if i were you i'd try to get over it. Life may be short but a betrayal is just an event in the story. Flip the page and carry on!", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "I can't stop comparing myself to everyone else. I don't even know who I am anymore--just who I am not. This past week was really rough...", "response": "Even if I won't do it, other people will constantly do it for me.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "About to clean my room. Need a little encouragement.. I'll report back when I'm done or how the progress is going. I have to use adhd medication to get me to start, even though I tend to do other things instead, and the come down makes me think bad thoughts. Sigh. Wish me luck.", "response": "Should this really be in depression", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": ".... Feeling hopeless and useless at the moment... Empty, lost, darkness", "response": "Some days I just want to lie in bed and listen to sad or angry music.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Can\u2019t sleep, Any techniques to suppress my depressive thoughts about my future and fall a sleep?. I just sleep more then 3 hours Please help me", "response": "I just make up fantasy stories in my head until I do, maybe you could find something similar to do?", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Living in the past .... How to be more present..", "response": "Yesterday was yesterday, today is today. Tomorrow is tomorrow. If you have one foot on the past, and one foot on the future, then you are pissing on the present. Think about that one.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Anyone else use to be smart and then after years of being idol you became stupid. Happened to me. awful. I think from constantly disengaging myself", "response": "I was the smart kid getting straight As. Now I struggle to get Cs.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "That feeling when you look at the dental bill.... ...and could scream in agony, realizing no one but yourself is to blame for abusing you by neglecting your teeth, including expensive previous dental work that's now gone to hell. Depression carries some very heavy lessons.", "response": "That feeling when your teeth are rotting away and you're too scared to go to the dentist. :(", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I don't really want my depression to go away.. Its a part of me even though it keeps me from doing anything it also makes me me. Suicidal thoughts are a large part of my personality.", "response": "Strangely.I feel deeply so I know I will always suffer deeply.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Had to promise not to kill myself. Dont think i can keep it.. My therapist made me promise to not kill myself but i cant keep suffering", "response": "I had this perception for a long time myself. But I realized eventually it's because I wasn't reaching out to them myself. I'm here, and I haven't forgotten about you. I'm here to help! :)", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Sister is depressed how can I help?. My sister is 4 years older than me. She has been depressed for at least 4 weeks maybe longer. We don't live in the same city. Based on your personal experience what kinds of things do you like to hear from a loved one? That makes you feel better?", "response": "This is really sweet. Send her horrid memes, lol. Or maybe remind of something really funny that happened between you two in the past. You can mail a small box for like $5, mail her a letter and some of her favorite candy. Any small thing you can think of that just might put a smile on her face would probably help. Even if just a phone call or text.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Depression and addiction. i have been suffering from depression from when i was 13. I am 19. I don't have any friends. If i die right now, no one will notice. I am adicted to heroin cocaine and methadone. I need help or I may die. &amp;#x200B;", "response": "Have you tried admitting yourself anywhere?", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Not going to kill myself but I really want to die. What is the point?? Everything is shit anyway?? I really didn't ask to be born and then my parents put this life responsibility on me. Anybody else feel like this?", "response": "being wrong has done to my self esteem and thought process. Strangely, being cognizant of that fact doesn't change it much. Of course, I've directly told my parents I blame them for who I am, and as perfect specimens, they told me that I can't keep blaming them for everything. There's truth to that of course, but it's rather incredible that they can find the gall to abdicate themselves of all guilt and responsibility. I'd better just get on my hands and knees and obey their every whim, since they're the ones who work and pay for my existence, regardless of whether or not I can actually do jack shit about that (child labor laws, yo). Lol sorry your post is just so relatable I had to rant.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Talking to people doesn't help. No matter how much I vent, nothing actually helps me and I still feel the same.", "response": "Do you see a therapist ? Maybe a medical treatment with a psychiatrist and regular appointments could help you ? I have been doing it it and it has been helping me", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I hate going to sleep knowing I\u2019ll wake up in the morning.. I wish just end already.", "response": "I understand. You regret going to sleep knowing that when you will wake, it will all be the same. Nothing changes, same problems different day. But I have realized, slowly and painfully, that the changes won't happen unless I make an effort to try and change things Currently I keep getting pissed at myself for staying up as late as I do, drinking myself to sleep, and hoping that in the morning, something new will happen instead of what really is going on in my life. The point I'm hoping to make is that we need to make the effort of change if we really want to change how our life's are headed, and we need to hold to that change.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Any good literature or media about depression?. PLS help I haven't read anything in years and I feel like something that can I can either relate or help me through this will help me out of this rut", "response": "that's of interest, and while it's not something I've read 'The Bell Jar' (which is prose) is also supposed to be very good, according to a former acquaintance of mine. And I recently finished watching an anime called Orange which was mostly very good at dealing with the issue, the one caveat being that characters tend to talk about 'saving' people quite a lot, which can be a little bit galling (lol). Music-wise, Brand New have done a number of songs which either deal with depression (or emotions that can be closely linked to depression) or are pretty evocative in that sense tonally-speaking. Can't think of anything else right off the top of my head but hopefully that's a fair amount of stuff, in the short-term at least", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "depression is an endless fucking cycle. you're depressed so you do stupid shit. you make your life worse. and you get more depressed. cycle continues", "response": "Fucking true. Made some bad decisions including a drunk driving stint last weekend and now I'm trying to deal with the consequences. Feel like I'm being punished for being self destructive.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Holy hell why cant I sleep?!. I just started taking Zoloft a few days ago and since then I can not fucking fall asleep. I'm not an idiot I know it's a side effect but shit this is annoying. I have school in the morning", "response": "been taking Zoloft for a few days and it made me more sleepy then ever. Today I only took half a dose (25mg instead of 50) and I feel less drowsy, but worse.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "3rd week im skipping school. Kill myself&gt;going to school, I wish I had drugs now...", "response": "that needs to go back to college and pay his way there. It is absolutely imperative you succeed in school to get tuitions for college. I know what you're feeling, well actually mine was worse since I had little friends but if I could back and give myself advice I'd tell myself to man up and do well, work out and socialize because the rest of your life is so dependant on how well you do at your age right now. Please believe in yourself and press forward. Although you have all the time in the world to make changes. Waiting it out will only lead to insanity and depression. It's a problem you don't want to deal with when your older. It's best done in the present.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "What do you call someone,. who has the solution in their hands, ready to use instantaneously, and yet doesn't do it and chooses to continue whining about their life?", "response": "not sure. I whine about life all the time but if I had the solution, use it right away. be gone tonight!", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Happiness is hard to come by.. I don't know how to be happy... it seems like there's always something lingering that wants to put me down.", "response": "I like to start with really tiny things and small moments.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "I don't want a partner or even just friends because I want the freedom to kill myself, with the least number of people affected.. This way, it's only my parents and siblings who will be saddened.", "response": "I used to imagine hoping myself out of existence, because wishes usually fail. In any case, I'm just recently starting to appreciate how all our lives are connected or rather it's a delusion to think there was never a connection to begin with, else itd be different. Anyway, it's ok to take some isolation to figure things out, but life's like riding a bicycle.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "How to become an Introvert ?. It may sound wired but i think that being extroverts suck and becoming Introvert may help me in depression and anxiety and the worst i think i have BPD.Can someone give me a guide on how to become an Introvert. Thanks", "response": "Introvert here, I still get super lonely I just stress out about what I would say to people and every single thing I can say wrong.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Trust is a curious little thing.... We take it for granted... until we eventually realise: it's a concept that doesn't actually exist.", "response": "You're wrong. It's hard to trust and you may get burned, but you have to be willing to take that risk. There are people who care about you.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "I failed my suicide attempt. I tried to hang myself but I was saved by my mom. :(", "response": "I'm glad your mother loves you and was there for you. I hope you are able to pass through this time and feel better. Perhaps find a local nonprofit to volunteer at. Something simple like a food bank, maybe a soup kitchen. That way, you can know that by being alive in the next few weeks, you have a direct purpose. It's something small, but it will make the lives of others better, because you lived. You can build from there and go on to help more people.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "I feel like drunk me is the person I'd be without depression. With drunk me I mean being drunk and on xanax", "response": "I feel you. I'm only happy and at ease when I'm drunk. I'm sure I'd drink a lot more if I had more disposable income.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I want to die. I fucking hate myself and my miserable existence. I'm a shitty excuse of a human being. I can't even kill myself properly but that probably won't stop me from trying again soon.", "response": "What makes you think you're a shitty human being? I don't know who you are and I don't know your story, so pardon me if I'm coming as rude by saying this (that is not my intention, I'm solely trying to help), but maybe some of those reasons aren't founded. For example I often worry that all the people I love will abandon me, and even though it's not really founded and I know in the back of my head that it probably won't happen, it is still one of my largest fears.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "how do people deal with deprrssion. I got depression recently. Iv4 never had it before. Some days I wanna end my life and some days i am happy. How do people overcome this", "response": "You don't overcome it. You learn to live with it. Its who you are and there's nothing wrong with that. I find thrill seeking helps me. I'm sure it's not the most productive strategy, but it definately gets me to keep waking up. If you ever need to talk, feel free to message me.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Does anyone else have a hard time getting motivated to exercise?. I find exercise almost unbearable w/ depression.", "response": "The only way I'll exercise is if it's a real task that matters, like jogging to get to the bus stop on time or lifting furniture at work. I can't do the whole exercise for the sake of being healthy thing. I don't care enough about my health for that to work.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Does abstaining from masturbation cures depression?. At least for some people?", "response": "Well I will find out because I can't even stay hard anymore, so I'm giving up on it. Going from 7 times a week to 0.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "I've been laying in bed for 2 hours. I've been laying in the dark with my eyes closed for 2 hours and still can't fall asleep. I have to be up early for classes too. This sucks. I just want to sleep but my heart is pounding and i can't stop thinking. It feels like I'm wide awake.", "response": "I always have herbal OTC sleeping supplements prepared in case that happens. Relaxing teas works too but then you are sleepy and have to go to the toilet. In many cases they work pretty well.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Sometimes I know that I am doing something that will make my depression worse but I just can't stop!. Over eating not making plans with friends ETC ETC", "response": "Oh crap dude me too... I keep lying in bed all day and binge-eating junk food (like, an entire bag of hot cheetos and then more) and l always end up feeling even worse after but l can't stop.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I can't keep going.. It's getting very hard just to put up a fight.", "response": "What currently feeling. If you want you can talk to me. Rant it out, listening", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Hang myself so much I've moved up to face cutting. There are times where I would like to smash a wine glad into my face, or fantasise about having my head smashed in. Today I started cutting my face.", "response": "we have bought from seriously the pit of hell. Nothing else could be so evil as to make us not believe we are worthy and deserving of a good life just as much as everyone else. Sorry to get weird there, it just makes me mad that anyone has to feel this way about themselves. Anyway, I have one scar on my arm from one time that I tried that and there forever. It still makes me sad when I see it. so sorry for what pain you are in. There will be a time in your future where you will not feel so much pain and will hopefully even feel better about yourself &amp; the future you will be so thankful if you permanently scar your face.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Sometimes it difficult to ask for help. What is worse most people won't be willing to help.", "response": "Sometimes you got to find the right people to help you is all. I think you would be surprised sometimes the people who would be willing to help", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Life is unbearable, what can I do?. I'm stuck in a prison. don't know.", "response": "felt like that before and I honestly know what happened to change it. pretty sure I just got so good at hiding it and acting happy just started to believe myself", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Is it normal to be depressed ? Or is there something else wrong with you. I think i am but is depression just an excuse for something else ? What do you think I'm not sucidial I think it's selfish", "response": "Maybe. Maybe its increasing because people are getting convinced by others that they're depressed? But it is a sickness, so that sucks", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "I don't want to be here anymore.. Currently debating whether or not to end it. Im so lonely and lost.", "response": "not alone. PM me if you ever need someone to chat.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Anyone tried ketamine infusions for depression?. Considering trying this treatment for depression, anyone already tried it?", "response": "Haven't tried it but know a medical professional that says it really works for many patients. Not covered by insurance though.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Why do I only want to sleep, cry, and eat? WTF is wrong with me?. I stupidly quit my job last week. I was becoming close with a guy that I stupidly became a jerk to all because I couldn't control my mood swings. My boyfriend only wants to fuck me. WTF should I do?", "response": "didn't work out. But don't let things ruminate in your mind. Worrying about them over and over does nothing to help you. *Depression thrives in rumination*. Try looking into mindfulness meditation. It's not spiritual garbage, it's literally training the neural pathways in your brain to put less weight on particular thoughts, so that you don't get stuck in negative feedback loops. It takes time to change your brain structure, but it can be done. Another thing is to find distractions. Productive is better, but if you keep the less productive ones in check they can be helpful also. Delve into hobbies or learn a new skill. Be social and try new things. That's the best way to cope in my opinion. I need to take my own advice.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "I wish I could be drunk 24/7. I hate myself and my life. Nothing is enjoyable for me anymore sober.", "response": "Same. I drink every night. I look forward to 731 every night so both my kids are in bed and I can pour myself four shots of whiskey", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Gym anxiety.. I've heard that exercising regularly helps deal with depression. But, I feel too anxious to go to the gym to exercise. Any tips on how I can deal with this?", "response": "There are judgment free gyms out there such as Planet Fitness. Alternatively, you can buy your own gym equipment (e.g., dumbbells, resistance bands, etc.) / videos (e.g., P90X, Insanity) and work out at home. Exercising has definitely helped me with depression, but for me, it wasn't a magic cure. Exercising did bring many other benefits as well though, including health benefits, physical appearance benefits, confidence benefits, etc. So I highly recommend it", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I spent today either staring blankly at a computer screen or my phone. Was too hurt to do anything today, really.", "response": "That's an accurate description of the past 2 months of my life.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I want to tear my skin off and become a new person. I feel like I'm constricted", "response": "If it was possible, we would live again but we are stuck in this.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "My last love was my last love. Fuck this being in love isnt worth the pain when it ends. Im done trying to have proper relationships, when I next manage to get a job I'm just gonna start seeing prostitutes. Only female attention ive ever got any chance of having in the future anyway so fuck it.", "response": "I completely understand. The way I felt for my ex was unlike anything else. I never had such a connection with any other person before. It's been about 8 months since we've broke up, I'm still grieving. It's made me fall back into depression. I always thought I could do things myself, but I just realized recently that I can't. I can't always do things alone. I really just crave affection and appreciation.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Anyone else hate social media stories?. Also lives bc they show other people having fun together just at the same time that you're sitting alone in a dark room wishing you weren't born. Also I see lots if things I wasn't invited to so that's always great", "response": "Exactly the reason I stay away from Instagram, facebook, and snapchat now. Always makes me feel like shit", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "when you find out drugs and sex are boring as hell. wtf do you even look forward to?", "response": "I wish there was something to look forward to.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Does it help?. Does seeking a therapist or eating medicine helps?", "response": "feel or don't feel certain things, ways you bring certain miseries upon yourself. Also if they are a champion for you. What I mean by that is they empathize with you rather than shoving psycho babble down your throat. They offer real tools for help. Also, you have to put in the work. Therapy doesn't fix anything. Just helps educate you on how to better handle yourself. Meds also work, but sometimes you have to try a few different kinds to find the best fit for you. They don't work overnight either; they can take upwards of 10-14 days in most cases before your brain starts to readjust. For me, I found my original dosage wasn't strong enough after a year or so and had to double up.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I saw a photo of myself from a year ago. I... can't believe how much the anxiety, stress, and sadness has aged my face. I look like a different person. When did this happen? Has this happened to you too?", "response": "Unfortunately im thin anyway and through depression i lost weight because of no appetite.With 24 years of age i look like a 14year old boy. No beard ,just 56 of height. Fuck me.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "how to know whether .... I am depressed because I don't do anything or I don't do anything because I am depressed ?", "response": "I can't speak for you, but I don't do anything because I'm depressed. I used to do things but gradually started feeling worse when I'd go out. Now when I try to make plans I can never follow through with them. I feel so bad about myself that I can change my mind about doing things very quickly.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "2017 has been my worst year. Without a better future in sight either :))", "response": "Each year just keeps getting worse haha please end me", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Anyone else occasionally have to go to your car or the bathroom during work to just cry?. Sometimes I just keep myself together for the whole work day", "response": "I would totally cry at my desk, no one even noticed.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I swear if one more person tells me: You only have one life, there is no time to waste worrying, you have an entire future ahead I will kick him/her in the crotch.. I am just tired of being tired of the same soul-sucking routine engraved in my DNA.", "response": "All it does is make me feel worse because just feel selfish", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Hey!. How is life treating you today?", "response": "Very shitty. And you, OP?", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Another twelve hour graveyard shift. And I forgot to take my meds.. It's gonna be a long night &lt;/3", "response": "Sorry to hear that. Hopefully it goes by quick.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "There's someone for everybody. The problem is, I'm nobody.", "response": "I don't have any good advice :( , sorry. This absolutely embodies everything I have ever felt, thanks for at least finding the words.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "First step... The hardest step.. After enjoying 6years of depression and dark stuff on this sick brain... I've taken this step now. A few weeks in a mental hospital. Hoping to get out. Not sure why i Tell this here. Maybe hoping that others can take this step to. Good luck to all who are in this shitty shituation. #smallsteps", "response": "After hearing every line in the book, I found this single reddit post surprisingly helpful", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Hey guys. until the exam is half a year left . but I understand absolutely nothing. I feel like I can not fix it . What to do? Maybe to kill myself? But how? Also I have so many many problems.... ah. Depression.. help?", "response": "What help do you want", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Bank account will most likely hit 0...another job interview where I'm not the primary candidate. Still very unsure of my future... I'm plenty sick of living woth my family, and yet there's not much I can do about it.", "response": "Sometimes it's just the environment you're given, and you have to adapt. I'm very impressed actually that you're able to go to another job interview, it shows some hunger and motivation. And that's the blessing", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "I never asked to be alive, so why do I have to stay alive?. It wasn't my decision to come into this world. If no one wants me here than why do I have to work this hard to be here?", "response": "And if you don't liek working 8 hours a day then sleep 8 hours and then have 8 hours for yourself. Then there are options, but because you born into this context you ahve to work hard to get to those oprions. It is hard to change your enviroment. You have to stay alive becuase, you know a humans life has worth and you are one. When you see another in pain you wish he wouldn't ahve to be, when i see your words and want to help you but am incapable i still try. You have worth because of all the thigns you have not done yet, and all the people who have not enjoyed you future self. Stay strong friend Love I wish i speleld better", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Not even 2 weeks into 2019 and already everything is going wrong :(. I was alone on new years as expected, don't know why I thought this would be my year. Already I have had a swollen infected gum and now what seems to be a kidney infection. I'm back to my crappy sleeping pattern and it's still the same old bullshit. A crazy family fight and other stupid shit. Why do I have to suffer, why can't I just have one good year? :(", "response": "I feel for you. Even minor setbacks can feel like major hurtles when depressed. found that setting small goals talking to myself positively helps. Maybe just start by trying to eat, shower, and get to sleep on time everyday. If you can do that, then consider the day a success. Having realistic expectations can help you be nicer to yourself. It sucks that going though difficult things and that may not fair, but gotta accept shit. Just work on the little things, my friend! So many things are out of our control.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "does it still count as exercise if i go back to sleep after?. like...i wake up early and run for a little bit then go back to sleep for the rest of the day. I do it but i feel like i accomplish anything and that makes me feel worse. but i wonder if maybe it is helping too sometimes.", "response": "If you do it, it counts.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "I just feel like shit.. I don't really know why. Everything's just so overwhelming all of sudden. I was feeling great this past month, but it's back. Did I do something wrong? I don't know why.", "response": "I feel like shit too everyday. I just wanna fade away.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Lost In thought.... Why do I feel like living is so pointless?", "response": "I think it is objectively pointless, humans seek meaning in things, and life has no definite meaning. For me, it's ironic, on one hand, I want to die ASAP maybe in my sleep, on the other, I want to live as long as possible to witness how far technology can reach, especially for astronomy and VR. I suppose what I'm trying to say is, as many had said before, we have to find our own meanings. We have to find 'joy' somehow, within this pointless struggle until the day we die. It's tough, I know, for I suffer the same.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Please help me. My ex fiance told me he's dating someone and doesn't want to get back together tonight after leading me on for two months. It's taking all I have not to kill myself. Please help me.", "response": "Im sorry that guys are douchebags. But honestly there are better people out there. I promise you out there there is someone who wants to love you. There are always people who want to be your friend, like me! I hope that you wanna talk more. -Reaper", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "Medication that works?. I have been dealing with depression for a long time and I have tried a few medications with no results. Was just wondering what medications have worked for people so I could look into them and their cost / side affects. Thanks in advance.", "response": "Medications work differently for everyone. Usually your doctor or psychiatrist will prescribe you with different ones depending on what you have tried that hasn't worked. I have personally been trialling all different medications for approximately 4 years now with no luck, I have been through almost all of the available medications.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I just want to end it without affecting my parents. Just nothing is going well. The ruminations of past situations have been getting worse and no one is very understanding why it's so painful, to the point where two people just got fed up with me and made me feel worse. I just want to kill myself so badly.", "response": "Man, I fucked up really hard and my parents payed for it. I just fucked up again and they are paying for it again. It is the same mistake as before. I just keep relapsing and each relaps costs a lot of money and affects our relationship. I see no hope for myself, I will keep relapsing forever. I feel like killing myself would be the greater good.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "32m never had a girlfriend. It sucks that I've tried hard to find someone, even with online dating, but I feel like I'm going to be single forever. Not sure if I should just give up or keep trying", "response": "33M here and gay. Never been in a relationship. Probably one of the most painful things to deal with. I feel like I might as well give up too at this point.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Cutting. I'm not sure why I broke my streak of 8 months of no cutting but I don't feel any different, nor pain. I don't know whats wrong me. Help?", "response": "The reason I use to cut is I couldn't point to a part on my body and say it hurts here. It made me feel better at the time but it wasn't a real solution. You are in pain Broski. If that was me I would think that I had maybe an extra bad day/night and tried to fall back on old habits.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Does anyone actually ever go to their high school reunions?. I couldn't imagine anything worse, not even hell itself.", "response": "haha when I come back home I never even go out into my home town. I can't tell you how severe that problem is - if I met an old friend I'd black out...had a dream it happened...it's awful. That's the social side - could you imagine the questions?? What are you up to; what do you do etc. FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK that", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Vodka and malt liquor are not working anymore.. I need lots of vodka tomorrow.", "response": "You've built up a tolerance.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "My cat got shot by plumb and is dead now. I would have loved to never born and now I have to face so many things like that and I am so scared about dying and this world is so unfair", "response": "I'm sorry, that is so sad!!!! It is a cruel world. But you make it better with your kind, sensitive heart.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I wake up and just want the day to be over already.. Like I have nothing to look forward to.", "response": "I know the feeling. I'm just so tired. I don't want to play this game anymore", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "i dont know what im living for anymore. there's nothing i'm truly looking forward to that is actually achievable. there's nothing but dread and anxiety for the future, both far- and near-. god damnit. i dont know why im alive.", "response": "You could look forward to getting better. Slowly, and maybe never fully cured, but better. It's a good thing to aim for, unattainable as it seems.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "I had more motivation as a sperm. I won a big marathon against billions lol.", "response": "That was my first and last W", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I made it through my first 40 hour work week without calling in, leaving early or coming in late in almost a year.. I know how but I did.", "response": "If I tried this I'd be getting up at 3:30am instead of 5:30am....", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I wish i was dead.. Its nearly 12 midnight. Does anyone cares?", "response": "You are not alone. Just remember that.", "label": "Weak Empathy"}
{"context": "\u201cRemove negative people from your life.\u201d. I always see this little tidbit in articles about how to overcome depression. Bitch, the most negative person in my life. not the problem, I am. I want to be friends with/date a cold stone like me either. So should I just remove myself from my life then??", "response": "That statement is bullshit. I'm the toxic, negative person in my life.", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Eating food but it tastes bland. I can't even feel happy with pizza.", "response": "Get some yummy ice cream!!", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "I don't really see a point in living if my life is like this. My depression is probably at the lowest point it's ever been and no matter how hard I try I can't seem to get any help. One small, completely irrelevant moment in my day can change me completely, and I really don't like who I am when that happens. Sometimes I have days when I'm so happy I literally shake, and every morning when I wake up feeling my usual shitty self I can't help but wish I was having another one, which just makes everything so much worse I just want to be normal again, instead of feeling like every day is another complete waste of time.", "response": "I agree. Last week I had a day where I was so happy and everything was fine. Then one thing didn't go the way I wanted it to and I was crying at work within the next hour... hate feeling like that too.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I can't be the only one to fantasize, right?. I have been spending a fair amount of time fantasizing about stuff lately. It's about tons of stuff really and I like falling to sleep while doing so. Does anyone else do this?", "response": "Like crazy, video game all the time, im scared to not, getting really bored of it tbh, but cant do nothing, brain will kill me", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "Nobody really cares that you have depression. It\u2019s not even considered an illness in most people\u2019s minds. You get more support for having a cold than depression, even thought 1,000,000 people die from it each year,. Title says it all really. Most people care that you have depression. In most minds, something you snap out or just up, not that They understand the existential loneliness and emptiness that comes with it, in each waking moment. I just feel so disconnected from everything.", "response": "It's usually innocent ignorance. Most people don't understand doesn't mean anything for what's true, except it's really difficult to have an illness that goes unrecognized. &amp;#x200B;", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "wow, being yelled at that you're too negative sure makes me feel better!. it definitely doesn't make me feel worse or anything. yelling at a depressed person is definitely the correct choice, instead of being supportive.", "response": "Oh, my family does that all the time. Like, what do you expect. Also, when they say they're feeling worse than I am for having to watch me depressed. Like, hello, I'm depressed here, not you. And when they try to blane it all on my anxiety and my negativity, like I'm to blame people generally don't like me.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "\u201cFetishizing sadness\u201d?. I just finished binging BoJack Horseman, and something that gets brought up semi-regularly is your own What is this and how do I avoid it?", "response": "what you are deciding to see as such, because pain has settled within yourself to the point that things would not make any sense if it was not present, so you will inflict it upon yourself to return to the only state of familiarity that you know: being miserable. The term fetishizing is used in a harsh, accusatory, pejorative way, blaming the characters for perpetually watching their lives through the blackest prism, but the truth is they just do not know any better than to do so. Furthermore, fetishes are often believed to be shameful and obscene in nature, because such random, nonsexual items PRODUCE intense satisfaction, whereas people that are accused of fetishizing sadness are just sheltering themselves (if i fuck myself up, no one else will).", "label": "No Empathy"}
{"context": "Has anyone here had success with Mirtazapine (Remeron)?. I've tried Zoloft, Prozac, Citalopram and Venlafaxine (Effexor).", "response": "Haha. Same exact medications. No. It did nothing. Didn't even notice it.", "label": "Strong Empathy"}
{"context": "I just want it all to be over already. it would be a whole lot easier than this shit", "response": "Whats the fun in easy? We all die in the end... there is no reason to rush it :) nothing matters beyond what we want to matter, but if you conclude that life is meaningless and boring and hard then whats the point in that perspective? If it is meaningless then what else is there to be meaningful? what d