hello.
so its causing you this sadness because of the pandemic? it seems that you are going through a difficult time right now given the holidays.
what has been stressing you out the most during the holidays lately? maybe you can talk to an expert about how you are feeling? maybe try to set up a stress reliever.
so your father is saying that you need time to live at home? i know how anxious i am about it. did you speak to your parents about it prior to this?.
so you are scared that you will be running into each other and getting into each others while you are living at home? i think that's exactly what you need. is there a way you can get back to the way you were when you were born?
i think the effects of covid - 19 - 19 are a bit harsh at the moment since everyone is staying home at home.
also, i feel your pain as well. i have this very good feeling that you bring your hamster home with you because you love him so much and love him even more. he's bringing you home because you're bringing him home with the world. i've brought my hamster with me
i think you should consider taking him home when you feel better in the process. that may be part of keeping your job occupied during this pandemic, but it sounds like you are planning on moving up to a house as soon as possible. you are welcome! it may help to bring him home for some time
i am glad that you are going to try. it sounds like you are having a fabulous day! i feel lucky to have been able to come home with you today and thank you for talking!
i'm happy to help if you need it : )
from chatting with you, that seems like an excellent idea. if there is anything else i can help you with today, is there anything else that i can provide?
hello, how are you today?
i'm tom. that is what i need help with.
ok so i would just say it is very sad. it must be hard feeling good to lose your job.
i saw many experts that suggest that we may feel that it's about time to cut costs with our busy lives.
ok and for you i can explain the situation you are in. try you to be supportive of your situation and allow yourself to stay free of stress.
that's the best idea to get one.
of course, i do believe you, you have to be confident, no matter what your situation is.
yes, i is an architect. i found that i can carry a bible and just know that God will provide for me.
you are welcome. please keep faith, keep on praying, god will provide.
yes you are welcome.
hello how are you today? is there anything on your mind or something that you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. its very frustrating to be without such social contact these days. does anything make you feel that you don't have friends yet?
i completely understand - it is just so sad. i completely understand why this is happening. are you currently feeling the need to get involved in any kind of activities you'd enjoy doing in your spare time?
i know that feels really unhappy. it's very easy to let people know how unhappy you are - even without the best of intentions.
it's really cool! how about dating - maybe there is anything specific that is specifically for you?
i totally understand that! what might be the key word here at the moment? are you close to your family or if so, close friends?
that is an excellent thing to do! but not that often. most people like to talk about how sad they are feeling right now with people who don't even know their communities.
the apps are pretty easy, right? they only let you pick a few options of how to connect with people online. and then you just have to decide how and when you want to connect them. and the apps can be really helpful for you! maybe they could even give you some free training on how to
you too!
good afternoon.
i understand how that feels. just know that you are being careful not to let this happen to you.
if so then i would tell her how you feel then.
if it was anything else he would have done to cause the pain you were feeling, he obviously wasn't even thinking at all.
i understand the feeling of being ignored but the fact that people are assuming you are being empathetic shows why it may not be for the best.
yes, you have said your suspicions are all true. i have been in the same position and know the dangers of this relationship are always there. it's the easiest to walk away from her, when she is not texting you. is there anything else you need to discuss today? your suspicions should have been
i can't imagine how scared you're made that is made of.. but i'm sure there are a lot of other things you've lost in this situation too!
it sounds like you are willing to negotiate as an option if you can. you have been given the proper option even though you're not yet certain. i think you should just ignore her and let your time go.
if i was you today, i would say you have to sit down and have a honest conversation with her, given the circumstances. that way, you can determine whether or not she's acting in a healthy manner. it sounds to me like you're having concerns about how this relationship ends, so please
i could see why you would want to show off and feel sorry for yourself because of that, but there are a lot of other people hurting you already. perhaps it's time to accept where you're coming from from and move on from what you have been doing, and maybe you should just let it
hello, how are you doing today?
the semester is really stressful, its very hard going through this, do you have any plans for getting away from the school during this time?
oh i see that are your responsibilities. that is hard but i am sure you are able to manage it.
yeah it is really a really busy field.
i can understand that. however i try to do everything as quickly as possible since having deadlines is the best way to get your diploma that is what you should do.
your need to study less then in person, it's a lot more work! i like in - person though i'm not allowed to talk to students.
that's good you're feeling like you have a schedule, it only takes a little bit, but i can see your sense of urgency.
yes it can be helpful but it don't mean you have to rush your studies just keep your mind busy.
i think you should look into online options. are you interested in getting a course or other online courses at least?
ah that's okay!
that' s a good idea i bet. and i think the best thing to do now is to do daily exercises every 3 to 4 minutes, but that's a great idea. it helps to take care of yourself. i am sure many people are missing the daily routine, but i think you will get
that's great, it makes you feel better about yourself, and i think that helps motivate you.
i'm glad you are more optimistic. you are welcome and have a good day.
that's a beautiful year. i am glad we were able to speak!
how are they?
what is causing you to ignore that?
well, if you don't want to donate, then why do your friends want you to feel judged??
how do you feel now, you are being forced to give up?
have you done anything for yourself this year to help you out? if they do not change something then perhaps they are not acting to your best interest.
well, i would have tried explaining to them what happened and let them see you are in economic difficulties.
it did not hurt me at the time i was having financial trouble and i felt like i had a duty to do something to help the situation.
i think most people not understanding that in your situation have a lot of friends that do not. some people do not.
yes its not easy to find volunteers, we always have to work out our finances and try our best.
not my friends but others who have been through it. perhaps i can be of some help to you.
it also may not be the best way to contribute but i think they are worth the effort.
i hope they do accept but please press quit and continue to be polite.
what would you like to talk about with me?
i am doing ok, how are you?
is there something specific that is causing the feeling of sadness at work? is there something you'd like to talk to or explore?
that is a rough situation. why are you feeling sad? have you been discriminated against?
thank you so much for talking to me - sometimes that can make us feel bad about all the things happening out of our control. what are your options at work?
i think trying asking them for help might help. they might give you some experience in your job, too.
you're doing your best, but maybe in the next few days it might become easier not to think about it and remember things that should be important.
that's a great idea! can you explain further what's going on to make you feel as though you are being benched at work?.
yes, sometimes it helps to stay focused in your work and keep trying to reach out to people who aren't your friends or family.
i'm really sorry to hear that, i believe you could do the best.
you are absolutely welcome! it sounds like you're on the right track!
you too, and please leave yourself alone, as only you ever can!
you too, have a great night!
i hope it sounds like you have a plan for the project!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am feeling well, is there something pressing on you right now or are you being overly critical?
i am very sorry. do you have any family members or you feel like it needs different to feel comfortable with your relationship?
i'm sorry to hear that but i know how it can feel like we are both doing so much wrong. i am sure there are many women out there that want to be romanticised but can't have the relationship moved further by someone who is older than you. i had a friend that I worked
also speaking with someone who is older than you would be a good idea since you have grown up. i have felt sad when people treat me less than myself.
is there anything you could do to move things further?
well, my other advice if i was you would not be able to just give her one chance and not tell her that she is being patronising and not doing anything right. i also think you are being petty not wanting to end your friendship with her. but,
are you not sure whether she is able to see your feelings in a positive way? i think you want to break from all the things she doesn't and that's the reason she behaves like that. maybe if you think she is being a bit arrogant and manipulative in her behaviour, she is just being
would there be any harm in the relationship if you knew that you knew for a fact what was best for you?
i think that you could make other friends and move on from this relationship but it sounds like you are feeling bitter because you do not know her or love her. i feel bad for you as well, if you don't think you need people. she is your asset it's important to make sure you
thank you ; )
yes, i can understand the stress that this must be causing. i think that your partner should be very careful to be involved in relationships with anyone else. is there anything else i can help with?
hello, how are you tonight?
that's not good. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
a lot of people are doing the same thing right now. what are you looking for?
it seems cold and dry in here, which is normal for people of like age. are you doing anything that keeps you happy?
i've never felt comfortable living alone before. its a long time, i know, but i know that i can do it.
i know it's all about the pandemic, but there's more to it.
i believe this is a bit of a challenge. i hope that you dont get pushed to the limits. i would hate for you to have to go through that!
no problem! don't be lazy with your hobbies, i understand. and we all need a healthy dose of self care.
there are so many websites that you can find what you use. my own ideas are called " " painting " and these ideas might not sound like much work, but you can build them.
that's a great goal! i am a beginner myself. i want to be able to finish in the next month. : - )
just make sure you stick to the task. the main goal is completion of the research. after you finish and get your next chapter done, you can look around the internet for online options where you can learn skills to learn new skills. you can also check on the website like to learn what to make from links
hello there, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. are you able to talk about your feelings with me?
how did you get a hold of a therapist? are there any outside help you need?
and i'm sure you still have a lot of problems with finding a therapist and that's good. you can open the discussion and see if you can find other issues. i am glad that you reached out to a therapist. you are a strong person and having such a hard time.
your ex will not allow you to sleep due to her absence.
i am sorry that would happen. have you talked to friends or family to discuss why you want to avoid seeing him?
have you tried to meditate constantly?
i completely understand. the hardest thing you have ever done, however, is go behind the back and try to remember to stay focused. you are doing the very best you can for yourself.
okay, that's great. it's a good idea to play some games. playing games might help you to stay rested!
i'm guessing that overwatch will also play a new game for you. i've played it before and i really enjoyed it.
no problem. i know that's a difficult issue to deal with, but i think that you would be able to find a way to make the most of it.
you can do that! then, you might have a little time to make a goal for yourself, then perhaps start off by writing something more specific first?
i really enjoy reading. i really read medieval fantasy and historical nonfiction. i try to think of what is true about the characters that are on that journey. i also find it hard to keep your mind occupied in a particular situation.
it sounds to me like you love fantasy, so your favorite books may be a work of art..
that's a great idea! i'd recommend starting with a book first then moving on to something else. i like to try fresh material first.
what can you do to occupy yourself during the times of covid?
you never know! covid has made things very hard. have you looked into what has to work?
you're welcome! some people go to the library in my area but some go on walks and take pictures and videos.
have you looked into any sort of hobbies that you enjoyed? the internet also has reduced hours but some libraries are open too.
i find that if your mind gets streshed, it's important to write down your thoughts. is there anyone else in your world who can give you suggestions for ways to write out your feelings?
have you tried ebay?
thank you for sharing your troubles. i hope you sleep well and take care of yourself, then take good care of your sleep and try to make the bed comfortable.
i am so sorry to hear that. what is on your mind? are you feeling upset?
you're going through this right now?
what happened?
maybe you should be more careful to give the right information to law enforcement.
oh i see. has that happened to you before? yes, it must have.
i can understand how that would upset your friend and be difficult to handle. have you tried talking to her about it?
i would feel the same way if she saw your stuff in your room and acted as though you were missing something.
i have had friends like yours do. even if it was on their terms, she didn't seem to matter.
no, i would not do it to her. what if i do not know her and she ends up working with him or covering for him. i would have told her that you do not want to risk your friendship or his money and if you tell her that then it probably helps her see how bad he is
i don't think that would be the best option. if she was working with you. you would want to help her make her choice about whether to continue the friendship or not.
you are doing the right thing. i hope you will be able to talk to your friend, and be able for her to see the truth.
so you are feeling fearful about your job prospects? tell me what the reason is?
when did this start?
there is a lot of risk in feeling that you don't have enough cash to keep your job. are you interested in taking the survey?
there are some charities which can help you find jobs because of your childhood trauma.
you did the right thing and you were able to seek out help and i am happy i was willing to help. it turns out you don't have any support system, it is your job, but the problems that you are facing are not new. sometimes people are going through hard times but are finding the
you are worth talk to. you are an exceptional support system and there is an investment industry that specializes in this kind of work. have you looked into job sites online for financial planners?
i would start with personal advice, and it may help you a lot. it will also allow you to stay informed throughout the job search process.
yes, it would be hard to find another job right now? but i bet you can find a way to get back into the car and stay connected with your family and friends.
it is a good start and there are plenty of avenues out there for you right now. you could search to see if there are any websites that do have similar programs for you, maybe they even help free doublers at a reduced rate or just gov's.
you are very welcome!
i am here to listen and to help. good luck.
hello! how are you feeling today?
we're doing great thanks for asking what is going on?
are you okay?
yes, it's certainly possible. were you close to your friend before her death?
i am so sorry to hear that. the world is full of terrible problems right now with our current political situation and all these things. is there something you'd like to do to help?
i understand how you were feeling - there are people out there who do not offer any sympathy for this situation.
of course, you can do your best to support her - please press quit and leave now : )
have you considered taking extra time in therapy?
you are welcome!
hello.
is there something you are worried about, i hear you asking how are you?
it's quite common to have anxiety after covid, i understand. is it the flu season or the covid pandemic?
that's understandable. i have had to step back and move on from school as the world has changed.
i think the online learning experience has helped us to feel more free to do the things we are supposed to already do.
that's normal. and even i know the holidays are busy at work..
i understand, this has been a stressful year for everyone..
when do you think you will not be staying at home with your friends?
i understand you feeling like playing games with your friends is boring and not very pleasurable..
i'm not sure which games interest people most but others would never have heard of them if they did not get involved in zoom.
sometimes people bail at the last minute simply wanting to avoid socializing... what are your friends doing now?
i'm glad i was able to help. you are welcome.
it is good to meet you. how are you doing?
i'd like to ask. what's going on?
when friends make assumptions about your face, i try not to feel bad about it. maybe tell them that you see them everyday on the bus and they will understand, it may mean less for you.
well, maybe you can just tell them that you are not handsome and stop making fun of your face to see if they would stop making jokes about you?
no problem, that only makes it worse. do you feel like you need to cut them out of your life?
i think this is something that they should watch out for, would you not be sure how to respond?
i suggest going to school and confronting them about it and asking why they made fun of your face.
i think it's safe to ignore all these comments. do you think these comments are about your looks?
that's okay, just give them a bit of time and tell them what you are sorry for. that will let them know that you want to be happy!
the only thing i suggest is that all the positive things will end once you get through this.
i believe you will! if you go for a walk everyday, exercise will help. please remember you are a beautiful woman and your self worth is worth the trouble!
hello! how are you today?!
also you feel lonely because you are not married? if you tell your husband why you want out of the marriage it must be hard to accept that he wants to be a part of the nuptials.
what happens when you talk to him? is he the reason you want to marry or is he your partner?
i understand that being lonely is a very confusing issue, and you need to break it off from your husband first.
i can easily imagine how you are feeling.
yeah, he doesnt need this to be an option. do you spend time with friends and family?
ok, could you look into seeing a marriage counselor? sometimes counselors will help with many issues.
well, it really has been an excellent year! i think you have already shown significant improvement in your self - care.
you too!
hello, how are you doing?
hmm, that's not good. do you have a particular problem this morning that you would like to talk about?
that isn't good, it could be the start of a new year.
i see your problems.
yes i know that feeling especially if.
that is understandable. what happened?
also take care of yourself, try to take care not hurt yourself if that is why you are sad and depressed.
when you think about what got you into a break up are you able to think about future events?
thanks for talking to me i hope that the counsellor helps your case.
what are you looking for after covid age?
you must keep your career up now because you love your wife and will soon get sick and be ready.
you have to try not to think about it, everything will be okay.
hello, how are you feeling today?
good evening. whats been bothering you?
what sort of books did you collect?
also i lost some books recently due to covid - 23. did you go through them on your own?
i can imagine the pain you can feel. this is a really hard time right now. did you sell your books?
i am worried that something might happen to you that is not worth it for another person to look after. what sort of writing or art were you doing?
i could recommend finding a help group about it. i think that there should be multiple groups of people who would help you.
so you have been following directions from someone to an address not far away from your house? or to the university?
i am sorry to hear you feel that way.
we could seek legal advice from the school or the university about that.
you do not really know your future though, is there anyone you can talk to?
anyway, it is not too late to get them back. i know that you are not only safe but we can all go back out there when you get back.
good luck!
i hope that i have been able to help you a bit at the moment!
it was a pleasure speaking with you.
hey, how may i help you today?
are you working right now?
i totally understand how you are feeling. what kind of loans are you in?
i bet it really is a tough time for everyone. is there any insurance companies that might be able to help you with these bills?
i hope you know that the covid shutdown has caused you to look for other ways to save money. has your resume cleared?
i like that notion of saving money on special items that i want. things like furniture that i don't yet need because i don '. you could give it to a charity that will help you out financially and give you a little extra money to keep things fresh and keep things stocked.
i am so happy that you are feeling better. i think you seem to think getting some of the extra cash is a good idea and you need to plan on accomplishing it soon. i want to thank you for talking and i know i've been feeling guilty about not being able to manage some of these
i am so glad you are getting the tools to help and to help reduce debt. i am sure you will feel better once you get them. maybe you could sign up on unemployment or maybe a job that you enjoy like grocery shopping?
yes, i think it may be really a good idea. i usually pay people who use mturk and apply for unemployment as well as in the past when i had some trouble finding one. it's always nice seeing your coworkers doing what you can to help out.
that is a good choice and it can show you what to make as well, but it is a bit complicated to pick and choose. you should try doing the math. it can also show you the amount of hits you've made per hour, and then can tell you what the dollar amount is?
you are welcome!
take care and i hope your night is filled with constructive comments and prayers!
hello! how are you doing today?
it sounds like you are stressed, what's stressing you out?
sometimes that is a good way to start. decluttering your house feels like it is already too big and it is taking too long.
i can totally see how that could make you feel stressed about decluttering - i have been decluttered myself. i just do things like make my coffee and we take a walk and we find a new spot to relax.
it sounds like you have so much to think about, that you can do it all. can you look into decluttering websites? maybe you can look in declutter groups?
i've noticed that a lot of houses are overwhelmed or a lot are like'jumping'areas because they can't fit the whole house together. sometimes it helps us a bit to start with a new area in the house.
i think that is the hardest part, you have to give yourself time to think about all the areas you want to declutter and get out of fear of losing your job!
you are such a tough person! it feels like you are constantly falling back down by doing the destructive things!
okay, i'm glad to hear that! i've struggled a bit with this all the time.
of course! are you close to a family member that you can reach out to. that might be of interest to you?
no problem! i'd do the same in my house.
thank you for sharing! i wish you all the best in your endeavors!
great how are you doing?
could you be doing a little bit more? or perhaps taking a walk before going out?
i'm sure the long days are contributing to that..
yes, i know it can be extremely difficult to process any change in the weather, especially on this summer especially with all of this rising temperatures. are you getting any exercise while you're depressed?
i know that you are dreading it because you are already tired, but i know you can overcome it by being up early, getting a fresh coffee and just being with your computer that engages you. you are very welcome!
thank you i hope that i could help in some way..
yes, that is true. it does seem extremely cruel but there is some real solution.
you can only do so much, it's impossible for all of us to be in the same spot. i mean the virus has spread throughout the globe. have you thought about getting screened for high - fevers in your area already?
hi. what can i help you with today?
what are you feeling depressed about?
how long have you been drinking?
im sorry to hear that. try not to stop. what has caused your depression?
oh dont drink all the time. it would be making you feel like you are consumed while you are taking mental health ive learned that. are you sure your problem isn't related to alcohol?
that definitely sounds very toxic though.
so if you try and quit, i'll say stop it. you'll feel better soon.
when my mind became bored with beachbody workouts i started a new one that really gave me a new idea. you can try that now.
it's also never in your natural interest to exercise.
it's okay.
yes, make tea tonight, eat the right way, stay healthy.
my friend was trying to get a tattoo of a beautiful sunset on her forehead and she said " if God put you in paradise " then you will be better, not just as a person!
hello i am here to listen.
i am really sorry to hear that. what kind of things are you worried about?
i see, you will enjoy spending time with your husband and son as well.
do you have anybody in your life who you can spend time with?
i haven't heard of that, i think the pandemic is the worst so far. you have been having more problems with your life. yes we are all getting sick right now.
of course. but you also have family around and you can see why it's hard to have a job.
so, it's nerve wracking to have to explain. how long would you be able to work from home?
from what i know you will have to wait till after Christmas to find out what happens. it must be really difficult, is it possible you could go to the hospital and get help from a co - worker, or a psychologist?
it's okay, my father is out of work for two weeks then.
hmm i see i understand its difficult to deal with all this, people can do it.
oh i hear you, i can't imagine. just know that there are good health organisations out there that will give you vaccinations if you dont have the flu. maybe you can find some charities for it if you don't have the vaccine already?
hello how are you doing?
how is something you are doing?
oh dont mean to sound like you have been unhappy during this break up. i see.
i hear you about that. so it must be affecting your life.
i understand it's tough. but what i am saying is time is not enough.
you are very welcome. i know i am really sorry to hear that.
my suggestion is a family game. do you feel like you could do something together this summer?
i think that is a great idea. i completely agree because it may be something to take my mind off of the situation and make time for you.
i believe you will make it through these crazy times!
what is the secret to success?
hi. how are you doing today?
i understand, i am so sorry you are feeling sad, why do you think you are sad? the covid issue has taken a toll on you over the past two weeks, are you getting enough sleep.
no wonder that. covid is making you feel sad and upset.
well, i understand what you is going through, how you are feeling isolated is not ideal at all. is maybe making use of time like that to get your mind off of things you are not able to for now?
can you try to make contact by phone calls, since your husband is sick and you can't afford to live alone?
you sound like you are a lot more invested in yourself than you are in your relationship. are there any particular activities that you could do outside of work?
yes, i see. this is the worst that ever could happen.
what did the last few days bring?
there are a lot of groups out now that may not be able to get the vaccine right.
of course!..
i do love that video call. i like that too, but i hate to see how my friends feel and i can't be creative.
i can see how it would be confusing, especially when i'm not allowed to use social media at all. you should try using tiktok to take your time to do some things as well, like videos on your blog. or maybe a video call where you can do a gardening survey.
i think you know the right way to do it, but sometimes the best thing you do is try to remember to always post the video. it seems that if you not post it now, when the vaccine starts to get more widespread, you might find yourself wanting to post it, or even get it printed out
i see. i have found that most social media videos disappear after some time. it is not just Snapchat. the problem has to do with the weather. if you don't mind me asking, can you put a new video on youtube using snapchat for a longer video.
hello.
i am so sorry i can't be with you tonight. when did this happen?
oh, i am so sorry..
what was your girlfriend like?
it is terrible that you have been cheated on. that is a long time!
that is a long time out. do you have any friend who can help you get through those times?
that must be very difficult for you. does her family understand the pain you are going through? i have been in that situation too, and i know that my family too. does your close friends have anyone in particular who can help you cope with this?
sometimes if you are not being supportive of those feelings it could be good as well to talk to your friends.
are you able to take another chance without the pressure of guilt?
if you are coping with this, i suggest you go to a peer support group or support group and discuss your feelings with them.
i think they're probably worried because they didn't see them. do you have any family to support you and friends that have been through this?
that's great news. but you've made great progress.
i hope all the best today!
what is bothering you? no, is there anything bothering you right now?
what makes you feel sad?
is there anything particular going on at home that would give you pause?
i know that you seem really sad. i think they understand why you are feeling this way.
i helped a little, my friend gave me advice on how to take care of myself.
there are many internet sites that you can search for free or paid for.
yes! try to try not to be so negative. you should never use all those chemicals.
hope it worked for women but is no longer a major job.
yes i have to learn yoga as a free therapy. there are free groups that teach beginners how to teach how to do it.
i don't need anything special but, sometimes it will work for some people just like you and yourself.
sometimes you can use any natural light to breathe at will.
what is the problem?
that sounds like an incredibly hard situation to be in, and i am sure that there are people out there who understand and empathize with you.
i appreciate you giving me a chance to understand a bit. i would definitely try to keep it as simple as possible as possible until you start feeling better.
its ok, eventually you will have to give up alcohol. are there any other things you want to talk about?
and sometimes it is just a matter of time before you really adjust to the changes in your circumstances. i hope you also start feeling the same way you did yesterday and find a way to be happy. as long as things go according to plan ( i know i did not ; ) ) i am hoping that things
very welcome! we just need to be understanding : )
you seem very caring now!
you are very welcome : )
hello, i know how you feel. how are you feeling?
i am sorry to hear that. are you having any ideas about what path to take? is there any career that you are open to pursuing?
i am sorry to hear that. it may be hard for you to have confidence in yourself to try your best. you should have the chance to learn a lot.
is that a career that is not consistent with what you think?
this can be tricky at times, but your best hope is to give back and help others like yourselves! you can always pick one career, because if it is something you really really care about, you already had a great decision. even if it's not the best one, it is a good one :
i can tell by talking to you that this is getting to you quite a bit about your anxiety on this whole thing, but i think you will be able to do your best to improve yourself - that is so important! it is amazing how much the lives you make affect the way we act.
there are also free chat rooms available throughout the university that will help you search through the options you have and find the best paths.
hello!
i'm sorry to hear that. was there anything specifically that you'd like to talk about?
of course timelapse is extremely challenging. i know how we are feeling. how can i help you?
don't let that cause you worry. friends can tend to be silent in that way. are people in your group who work in your fields and are close with you?
how do you figure they are doing to save money for months now? have you considered looking for another job, even if you don't have the income right now, it may help you out a lot?
i know that does help a lot with our current budget i try not to take a lot of money out on my friends right now. i am glad you are trying to make some extra money.
that is good that you have that help out. have you felt like they are not paying you enough?
so you are feeling hurt especially at times and like it seems like you are not contributing all that much to the situation and this is making them feel uncomfortable.
have you asked them if they want help at this time? i believe they would gladly work to help if they could do what you were interested in in.
this is not an issue, its a problem that has no end or a problem at times.
you should be more diligent. it is ok to feel down now with not one but two jobs at a time.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. are there ways that you'd like to discuss how you're feeling right now?
i am very sorry. when did this happen? did it happen?
so you feel completely helpless because you didn't get to talk to your partner about it. should you be letting your guard up after this?
i am so sorry you are leaving - is it true that you did cheated on on her or is it just because you were happy?
yeah sometimes tlc is really helpful, i once had to do it once i got out of a coma.
if the right person will appreciate your story you will find someone there and you will succeed in finding someone who will respect and care you.
no more than anything else. it is not the most enjoyable part of your day.
i think that could be a good way to make a little extra money..
i know what you mean! lol i hope you feel better soon.
and even after your situation is sorted there are people who will be willing to provide you with some help if you can find a girlfriend.
you will get what you need! thanks for talking.
good luck with your job search : ) perhaps you could look into volunteering at a charity?
i had a similar situation. i met my ex through tinder first. but after fifteen mins i realised we have swapped interests. so, you feel comfortable with the person you are dating now unless you have a change of heart about things? you should start taking courses now as the situation is getting worse. is
your probably in the same boat..
so you're stuck with the old'yo'and you'll do what's good for you later.
hello, how are you doing?
is there any way you might be able to work in your field?
i get that. how do you deal with these challenges? are you able to give input from your work colleagues? that may be a good start. the power of the cloud.
so you were surprised to find that there was almost no physical interaction? was this correct? does that sound right?
i can see why limiting meeting times would make sense, especially with technology. i have also struggled and find work colleagues who understand our work situations in ways that i did not before. all i know is that this whole world is not going to be a same-sex world after all. communication is just another form
thank you for your discussion. it sounds like you have a plan and some structure for the meeting. the team is supposed to be very supportive.
yes i also suggest doing that as a team. yes doing that is fun to do and help organize holidays party or holiday care packages!
hello how are you doing today?
that is certainly understandable! even with covid off the charts we still face uncertainty and fear, it is important to remember to always prepare for the unknown! what kinds of challenges are you facing?
that's a real stressor, but there are also plenty of businesses out there trying to make money. have you tried making new use of your skills and knowledge?
i understand how that can feel. have you tried any job search websites or forums that are open to your ideas?
it is so nice to get outside, especially during this time as the sun rises. it will give you a relief to be alone and feel safe.
i would try to find activities that you enjoy, such as hiking or reading, that are really enjoyable. you could also do some outdoor activities that may help you through the challenges of the pandemic. what is your local local theater? or library?
this is a great opportunity that you could explore in the near future. i have found several online job sites by searching. i think that with the increase of covid we are all more in this position!
you are welcome! i am well aware that anxiety is a serious issue i think, however, you know that you are putting your best foot forward by seeking support from your community and giving suggestions on what works for you.
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that you're angry. do you have any reasons for why your mom and you had this?
i can understand why you think she needs to stop talking about something that she thinks you do not mean. in my experience, when we said something i meant it in a mature way, she thought it was offensive but instead continued to insist that we stop saying it and we end up angry and bitter.
do you think you can tell her that you don't think she means you are saying what is offensive?
i think there are several different ways to express how you feel right now.
it sounds like you are being hard on yourself. maybe you tried letting her know that you admire her and appreciate her food but do not wish to offend her.
i guess you should be understanding and try to tell her what you think and try not to feel like she is ignoring you.
yes, it sounds like your trying hard but it fails as well.
just from chatting with you i can feel how stressed you are. sometimes it helps to talk it out with a professional. maybe you could ask her some basic questions about her feelings.
i have had problems with people who can sense my mood at times. i had to intervene and be honest with someone I didn't fully appreciate.
okay, but let's assume she does not appreciate the way you are helping her out and tell her you feel bad because she is criticizing you. but let her know if you are willing to help, she could be upset and upset again.
i will also try offering you a couple of things to do to show you care.
there are many people out there who are upset at you because they care about you. you should give them space to think they are being hurt.
thanks for talking to me and i hope you know you don't want to impact those feelings.
thank you all!
i'm sorry to hear that. you could keep your job and look for a new one.
i'm so sorry to hear that!. how are you doing during the pandemic?
that's not fun. but get it done as you're due. your resume will represent your dedication and commitment to your work.
you should give it a try and think positively. it's been awhile but you can do it!!
that's very useful! there are a few apps like makeaway that will provide you with ideas to work on.
would you consider doing a job search on Google or in other fields? it may be beneficial.
that's a good point. if you search through resumes today, you are sure to see many applications. have you talked to any co - workers or family that may be interested you?
i think you can stay home and try to keep looking. you don't have to be shy anymore.
i'm an accountant. i enjoy spending time with people. is there something specific you like to do that you know could help you to impress them?
i understand that you are worried about that but also know you will do your best!
hello, how are you today?
i see. so you are feeling depressed because you have not seen your family during this pandemic?
you are right, i have been seeing friends and family too, it is a weird time to get together. what does your favorite group of people know about it?
just to give you some space.
i understand that - so it's a bit of a difficult time for you and your family. have you tried doing the zoom thing to get the memories from your previous year?
oh... i know that i tend to focus on my dog. i love to hug him and listen to his story. i am happy for you to get help for your feelings.. : )..
well, you are so welcome. i have also had a bad year, but you have been through a lot. i hope you are able to come out from it better than you were previously! it sounds like you're taking care of yourself, and it's been a pleasure talking to you.
i wish better things... take care of yourself. are you okay with it?
have you thought about ways you can move around a bit?
yes, its very nice to talk to you! i hope that you enjoy these new years! thank you for sharing with me today. i am always here for you!
sure, i'm glad i could be of some help : )
hi there! i am happy to listen, how are you doing today?
that's not normal! is there something specific bothering you right now that's bothering you?
ok, that is a long time. maybe he just needs to think of new ways to handle the situation.
no, i'm sorry to hear that. it's heartbreaking to hear about that..
i find it hard to talk and think what's really going on and try to heal it.
oh wow : ). that is a scary time now : (. we must keep on working and keep trying.
i am happy to help with you as well. you are doing great, i hear you. have you been seeing any kind of support services recently? they'd be good to help you with your stress levels and make sure your morale is high.
yes, i know you are in a difficult situation. so you need help? or advice?
yeah, i am glad you reached out and i wish you the best for the future.
hello, how may i help you?
oh no problem, are you okay or are you feeling a little anxious?
i would just as soon be done because i had to and sit myself down and do the work and study. i've taken that as a goal. it helps me to get through the day knowing others are working and feeling happy. i also have anxiety about having to study while failing and failing.
i think i understand, it can be hard to keep focused on one subject at a time, this is your year, what are you studying for in order to pass this exam?
i understand that a lot of students are working on their grades for finals, but sometimes the best thing to do is take breaks so you aren't burdened with stress.
so you want to take five min breaks to be in the zone and get back into studying?
yes it's important to wake up and be able to do your work for the next several days, i can't read, but i know you can do it!
do you have some friends in your program that you can study with?
there's more opportunity in the world.
not too bad. as long as you take care of yourself once you're done studying, you'll do pretty well at the job.
the only things you can do right now is to make yourself more independent and take care of yourself first and foremost. have you spoken to any of your friends about helping prepare?
how are you feeling today?
how long ago did this start?
are you having problems with breathing or doing activities that you normally do?
i see. do you live with friends or family? i know you will find yourself moving sooner than you think.
it is my guess. this is just the start of a new year.
i know it is stressful, but i know its also not good for your mental health. that is really important.
in the meantime, you'll keep trying. i know you're stressed about your schedule and having to move. do you have anything else you wanted to do in the evening before bed?
you're welcome! i think i will try to listen to the music, it doesn't sound easy.
well that's great, and i am glad you are talking to me now!
it sounds like you're very stressed about someone moving and not being able to find a job. is this right?
that's a tough task. and what about all those moving supplies? we have to live around " houses " and " farm " so that you're not crammed with everyone " at once. are you taking any walks or rides?
oh well, you're welcome! i hope this helps a lot : )
hello, how are you feeling right now?
i am sorry to hear that. what are you experiencing?
not very helpful. maybe you could try talking to your son about the issue?
that's an important step to have. your depression is causing you to really feel hopeless and fearful, especially if your son is a part of your life that might be affected by these feelings.
if it's a very challenging situation for your family, you can find ways to deal with it by allowing him to spend time at home with your son and taking on an extra load of his daily chores. maybe you can take some time away from work to focus on a new hobby or some tasks that you
oh yes maybe you could get running almost as much as you can for yourself. i often think if we take a deep breath, it may bring us something to focus on. there are always things we can do to support ourselves or others. even if we don't feel like it, we can often find
i can understand how you are feeling — it's very tough to cope with such a change in our environment. maybe we could do something to support ourselves. it would give you pause, and really let your son express his emotions.
it's normal to feel like that, but i wish you all the best!
yes, i can feel your frustration. it's hard to come to terms with yourself, especially when it comes to your husband's actions. when it is hard to deal with your feelings, i would suggest you take some time to yourself, perhaps be close to your family or go on walks or take
it definitely helps to have those feelings and be able to release them in a positive way. also, maybe let your husband and family know you care and are taking the proper time to provide for him, so he can see he is not rejecting your choices, but instead acknowledging how you feel.
i hope it helps. i am glad you can find some relief from this hard time though, though.
hello.
hi how are you feeling today?
well, do you have any particular reason you feel like you are in depsression?
it is absolutely understandable to feel anxious about losing someone close to you. this must have been a hard thing to go through for you.
i did a lot of therapy sessions with my ex - husband to help manage my emotions and bring me away from my ex.
i would suggest really cutting into your usual activities and activities at this time! so basically you would limit your activities and plans just to get yourself in a mood or feel your way?
i really believe that your friendship is an asset to opening up. however, there are things you can do to get out of this. just take a day or 2 for yourself and take your mind of things. you need it. it's like a therapeutic intervention at least! it can help with anxiety.
well the important thing is to take care of yourself. the sad thing is that you have to do what was important to you in getting hurt or for someone to end the relationship. however you can also choose to not confront these feelings as much as possible after a breakup. if you don't want to dwell
what are your activities and intentions for opening up with regards to letting out your frustrations? i learned how to let my mind be open. you too can work towards moving that forward!!
you will be very welcome, i hope things will improve and you will remember you have been strong and determined. enjoy your day!
that can help.
you can start at the root of your problem and open up to other people. the first step is to remember that you are just as valuable as yourself : ) you can start on your own now and find your strengths.
good luck!
hello, how are you today?
what seems to be going on?
it's great, that was really nice, so the outdoor play sounds very peaceful at the moment.
and it's not so good for you now : )
i completely understand. i work from home as well and i am always looking for good jobs. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy that might help you feel better?
and dad always fight and you tell me what he's doing to make money at it. do you have any friends you could talk with or family about how you feel?
good, so your dad fought with you over money? i'm sorry to hear that, it seems that you have feelings too. i mean do you have money and resources to live with your boyfriend and family? or is this a new year?
that's really confusing. and maybe you may think he is being manipulative and defensive, but is it possible he has moved on from you?
is he aware that you are being mean to him because of the way he treated you?
what is the path you are on?
yes, it certainly takes time. i think you have the right motivation or tools to do your best. be kind! do you feel like you can have a productive time right now?
i can see that. it is really unfortunate that it went to over. but you are not. it's best to make it your own decision. why did you say that?
hello, how are you?
i am so sorry. his arrest may be an indication of his own drug use. how long ago was he arrested?
ah that's really upsetting. were you living with your friend lately?
i'm sorry. the fact that he had the time he had to cleanse his life and address his addiction shows how much he missed his family. what has happened to him over the years?
just looking back, you could see how his friends are very angry with him and worried that his own actions might be contributing to his condition but the only intervention is a small one. may i ask if you were able to get your friend a psychologist? in my experience, it helps to share information with people you
that is very hard to go through : )
oh that's a good thing. i think just reaching out and letting them know you're sorry and they're on the same page, it was hard for me to find a way to get out of that.
that is amazing, i think we can work with those connections on your own! i love that you're acknowledging and taking care of them. i can't help but let them be reminders too that you love them and want to be their best friend, you deserve their help and their friendship that way,
in some cases we want to ignore ourselves and become self aware. but you have to take the time to think about these problems for a while and try to let them go. maybe you don't have to be in an unhealthy relationship with the guy. you just need a moment to really breathe a sigh of
hello!
what is it that causes?
what do you do in order to maintain natural curls?
i hear you saying long curls tend to be the problem with thick hair, this is because it seems to be so heavy. so you like natural curls?
it sounds like you are a bit unsure about the style? maybe cut the curls much shorter because it would help you keep it neat? maybe try styling them?
you told me that you don't like what looks like it, would you accept it? i haven't done that myself, i have been in your shoes. lol and the result is a mess, but i like the mohair, it is soft on the back and it stays clean. i
i can see how your friend can be very upset. have you considered doing some haircuts with extra curl?
if you keep your braids long, you will not get a mess.
i am pretty sure the internet is not full of new hair styles and styles but it is being added in soon.
well i am sure they would give you a great idea too. i googled the look and it is really interesting.
well there may be some great online options available for short curly hairstyles.
hello.
i am sorry to hear that.
oh, that's really terrible. i've had friends like that as well. i know that they can make you feel like you are a failure. how do you feel about it?
that's a shame. if you can get a doctor, you can try to see what she's doing in another country.
i would think that's the worst thing that happened to you. i could probably understand your anger by looking at them and trying to understand how you feel like that.
ah i hear you on that too. if your still committed about her, you deserve to be punished with some kind of punishment. i would personally encourage you to keep yourself busy and keep yourself occupied with your hobbies.
i mean you need to take revenge on her, you need not be ashamed to let her cheat on you.
i feel like i gave into your thoughts but i hope you will end up with a good job and a better life in the short term.
hi how are you feeling today?
i am okay. what's going on that would cause you to feel apprehensive?
it may take a while but i am sure that you can get through it! what do you think is going on?
i also have experienced anxiety and depression during a time i was working. was it related to the pandemic or do you have other concerns?
so, it sounds like she was jealous of your own time life and did not know that your husband was sleeping around?
i agree.. i am excited about marrying the boyfriend of my boyfriend at the beginning of next year... do you have any close girlfriends?
oh. that is not a healthy idea. what would you do if you could not have this conversation? have you spoken to her about her actions?
can you tell me what your ultimate goal is?
wow i can totally understand. my advice would be to sit down with her and talk about the events that have made you feel that the break in trust has occurred. do you want to spend your time with her or do you think things might not go as planned?
it sounds like you love the person you want. is this something that you'd really like to learn about if you really trust her?
is that what you would like to happen if you started a conversation with her about the breakup? just be respectful of and allow her to know you sincerely, if she continues to treat you that way. it is the most important thing in the world. and there is nothing to lose by living with you. is
also theres plenty of resources out there too. you can always click the quit and finish button and finish the survey. this is a great forum, i really do wish you the best in moving forward in your future.
i understand you. you have a lot of difficulties and you are facing the financial difficulties. you are very welcome. please explain everything.
well you need help with your funds at least, is there help you with this?
have you looked into other online work websites? those may be able to provide small gigs. i know a lot of people have difficulty finding it these days.
yes yes i do. try to stay encouraged and encouraged. and no matter how difficult things get, there are many companies out there that will help you.
if you do that i suggest doing projects that can help you keep your head up.
you're welcome, i wish you all the best and take care of yourself. stay safe and know that you are doing your best right now.
no problem.
hello how are you doing at the moment?
i sorry to hear that, lost your cat sounds like a tough time for you to go through. what kind of cat did you live with?
why do you think your feelings were about her?
i have had to let friends down as well when they lost a pet too. it makes me feel so bad that they did not think about me when my dog died. did you feel the same way about cat? did they say to you they did care?
that completely makes sense, i really think that is a great deal to process. you have taken some great steps in dealing with this and we are all going through tough times now.
do you ever feel like you should seek professional help in these times, perhaps ask your cat friends if maybe you can visit him / her in person?
well, sometimes it helps to talk about your experience with them to get your mind off of things. you are very welcome and i am sure that you will come out in a great mood in the new year.
i played Pokemon which i never knew was really interesting. i just enjoyed shooting and shooting at gunpoint. you can go back to these days and what you did before.
hello, how are you doing today?
i hear you it seems like things are not going your way, is that correct?
i can relate to that too. i go shopping for myself too. is not going to get easier because of change in society and the way we are dealing with it?
as long as you stay positive and determined, what can you try to do? do you have a plan or anything planned for the future in case things happen?.
thank you for suggesting that look for other options! this might help! i hear you!
it takes a lot to have thoughts on what the bad things are, but can also give a reason?
i think that's a good outlook too. i know a lot of people are worried but with time we will get the jump i think. let's try to stay optimistic and keep trying out new ideas to keep us focused on future prospects. maybe after our pandemic is this your year?
well i do agree with people who focus on the negatives, the upside is that we will all be able to adapt and work and move forward.. did you check your local news?
when i have to deal with people, i try to remember to think of the best things that i can do in the new year. it's been a lot of fun getting new things! i understand that people are worried.
it is very easy to be scared when we are having trouble dealing with people but i remember also taking a series of walks around the block and just searching for different types of helpers.
well that does give it meaning. i think you may need to really focus on yourself. you may have noticed some of yourself getting depressed during this pandemic and it doesn't help that you are also stressed.
i think to look and see if people are really being mean! yes, we are in a time of pandemic, so i think we are very foolish thinking everything will fall apart. we'll never know?
if we can't let the world fall apart, it will work.
you're welcome. is there anything else you want to talk about?
good luck and thank you for sharing and thanks again for sharing your experience with me. enjoy the rest of your day!
how are you?
you are a very good public speaker. how do you feel as a result of the pandemic?
i'm so sorry. let me ask you how you feel about the current pandemic - do you feel like you are on high alert, as the majority of people are? are you doing a job that can support you?
i am relieved to hear that you are not alone. just be understanding. this pandemic has got some serious problems, but you can get through them.
of course! i feel your concern and i know you can use these same tips to be as effective as desired!
that is great that you are taking this initiative. i often find the urge to be frivolous when i see that the pandemic is making things so much more difficult for you. it seems like you are being led by a bad sense of guilt for wanting to get attention while avoiding unhealthy items. however, it is
wow, it seems like we just got through the holidays ( not everything was good ). it's so tough, but it can get better soon.
this is a very basic method. you should only be able to use it once a week. i am sure you will need to buy everything you need which you bought beforehand, so you can take a while to get everything you purchased for your next trip.
yes in my work space, it is more crowded. i have had to find ways to keep busy.
i think those are all small things.. are you in a place where you like to get out and look for people to talk to and support you?
i hope that i have been able to be of some help and have been of some of you good fortune.
i understand, it is very hard to do stuff at home and do school work.
do you think this might be contributing to your low self esteem?
it sounds like it was a very confusing situation prior to the pandemic, i would suggest you think about the importance of exercising and having a nice time in your day.
of course! i hope that you enjoy your time at home!
thank you! have a nice day in the new year too!
so you are finding that some people, who feel stressed, are ignoring their studies which is a good thing.
i use timers. these are super helpful!
it must be frustrating not having help with timelines and plans, but i think you should re - create schedules to ensure you do everything you need to for school.
you too!
there, you too!
i understand how you'm feeling. you are a good person and getting rejected by your boss is not a good idea.
i understand how frustrating that is. sometimes it is difficult to feel accepted by a new role because they are not sure if you have what it takes.
have you tried to talk to anyone else at work about the situation? perhaps let them know that you aren't qualified for a promotion?
are you concerned about that, having a co - worker do the same thing? is that something you don't want to risk?
what was it about biased feedback about your job that worried you? have you had a problem with the hr department discussing biased feedback specifically with your co - workers?
what does it mean about your feelings?
i think the only thing you can do is continue to advocate for yourself and work for yourself in a positive manner.
i also found that despite a lot of bad work experience, there was enough opportunity to improve and improve as a person.
good morning! i wish you all the best in this new year.
good, how are you doing?
what about the pandemic that is causing you to feel sad and anxious?
when covid 19 really took our world by surprise, it was a devastating time to lose our best friend. are you able to get him back?
i understand. i know that covid has made things difficult for many relationships but even if it doesn't cause you to feel this way this is still the same enough to have feelings of sadness.
you should reach out to people that are close to you too. this pandemic has knocked everyone off their feet as it has happened. have you tried to talk to someone about this?
my boyfriend passed away recently but i know that he will make things better with time. i know this is a really hard thing to go through, but hope you stay positive in the future.
oh i understand where you are coming from. my father was an amazing person and i am lucky that you have always had that support. is there anything else i can help with today?
that is a good start to a sleep cycle. i know that you have not lost your mother but your ability to talk about it will do something to help, especially through covid. i have learned to not dwell on what my mom did and to focus on my dad so long as he was around when i
i would suggest setting a timer for 30 minutes to 45 minutes. this should help with the alerts you get from your phone. you can't stop your notifications on your phone since your phone is a distraction. sometimes it will make you feel a little lonely when you want to get some sleep. if you aren
not really! the rest of your day is going to be fine.
thank you i can understand you. maybe you could try something to stop your sadness or change the way you feel.
i could imagine how that would be upsetting to you, especially considering you're in the same situation, you are so stressed because of the virus which has been destroying your mental health care.
i can relate to that. have you tried getting professional help for your nerve issues?
i know things have been getting harder for you in quarantine but i have found that finding different ways to stay connected with people does give you a hope.
i've felt the pressure personally. i would tell that one step at a time, be reaching out to others if you can. let them know that you are not alone and they shouldn't let you down.
yes a lot. have you thought about volunteering outside of the home to give you some extra support? i've been there. just the thought of helping others helps me to get through this.
i am glad it is getting better. i hope i have been able to be of some comfort to you. what sorts of medications did you try before you felt this way? have you tried exercise or any physical activity that you enjoy?
i totally understand. it sounds like you are feeling isolated right now and are worried about what is going on. are you having problems with covid? have you tried any online methods to cope and talk about it?
and yes, it's the time to get out and socialize with others!
you should try to connect to a group on fb that you don't know about at all. have a good day.
you're welcome.
hello there, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that, has there been any particular reason you feel so stressed out?
okay, well, maybe you should go ahead to school and teach yourself that, maybe that's something you needed to learn?
i hear you, it's difficult but also natural to be frustrated. do you think that you could go back to school?
it is very difficult, at this stage of the world. what do you feel like your life will be like if you keep that pattern for however long?
well if you have a plan in place perhaps then you can consider thinking of ways to improve the quality of your art? it might be worth trying to explore the options yourself. is it possible that you might be more inclined to try some of the techniques that i have developed?
i think that it is a great idea and one that is not at all taken seriously.
does my friend know that things will work out for your good if you keep working to the best of your ability? i hope i have been able to help you today.
hello. how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that, i'm very sorry to know how you are feeling right now. what is making you feel wrong?
i can imagine that. it is a time and thing to be lonely and sad in this pandemic.
i know for certain it is not a great idea. do you have any other hobbies?
are you reading any other kind of literature or have you tried to read anything online, from fiction?
you have the right amount of time too, if only you knew why she wanted a dog. if they are interested we might be able to get an adoption fee. you may also want to look into adoption applications. i know you may be able find the right person to adopt a dog for you.
that sounds like a great idea. pets are my number one pet. i enjoy reading and playing with new hobby.
that's so funny. i am a really kind person, especially in that current situation. that being the case it's hard to talk to people in a locked down when you should be doing activities, like reading.
yes, it will be all right soon.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure it's terrible and unfair. can you tell me a little about why you are feeling down?
okay, don't feel like you lack motivation. this's normal to feel depressed.
i would be hesitant at first. when the pandemic started, i found that the holidays sucked, making the cold season like this just impossible.
ah! so we all feel the same way right now with this virus. have there been any plans to get together with family or friends at all in the meantime?
i can understand how you feel, i have spent the last eleven years of my life confined to my room. i've been making time only to visit my children..
what are some things that have helped to keep you busy for the past few weeks?
i think it's really been a difficult time for you. this is not a good time for talking, or for reading. i think you should be able to find some time to talk, though : )
i think that loneliness is really hard but you will soon get over it. it is not about the social isolation. do you have any hobbies or hobbies that you enjoy?
i've struggled with this too. is there anything specific that can help this situation?
i have found that it is easier to write down things in advance as well as to remember all the good times and take a step back for a moment to reflect this year. this may help to open up communication in a new place. what does the winter season have been like for you?
try to set up a schedule and schedule some activities with her that you can both join in so you can socialise every day.
i think this will be a very difficult situation, but it would be a good time to move and try to move ahead in the new year where things are much brighter.
i am sorry to hear that, having a strong female lead you has to navigate social settings. it may be time to move on from virginia though. the work is not on your shoulders however are you doing in the future?
what is the problem?
you too, i hope you find something to enjoy.
hello how is your day going today?
i'm sorry to hear that, that can be a hard situation to be in.
thank you for talking after a breakup i can understand your feelings.
what about taking a break from your partner after the breakup and being kind to yourself? do you think that your decision may not have been good for you.
sadness does mean you are unhappy or unhappy with not feeling like yourself you chose not to do anything you wanted in life.
well you need to take care of yourself and get away from your partner for a while before you make the decision to go back to your relationship.
i think you need to start looking for a good relationship in the new year first and then find the courage to ask them why you are wanting to stay. i have found that if you open to things that others have not tried in the past, you will find that you are willing to give and take to the
i also have been in those situations and found that relationships that helped me grow are very long lasting even if we are really lonely and in those relationships it might take longer than it should.
i am glad to help. your welcome.
hello, how's it going?
i have noticed that this is happening to me sometimes. do you know what is going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. when do you think you have any other issues?
oh wow, when i think of someone who was rude to me like that you have to end the friendship or you're sure to move on.
oh wow, that sounds terrible, did your friend tell you that she is not the friend?
i would suggest looking to a professional. it might help to speak to the person i know who has been speaking to your friend about this.
so i hope there is at least some support people can use from you. i hope you are able to find a better job.
ok so in the past, i have been on a similar line with my manager. it helped me clearmy head though. it helps me get some closure.
of course. it is always hard to resist people who are rude.
i was trying to get close to yoru manager and have a good conversation with her. was there anyone else in the room that was able to help me with the situation at the time?
hi, how may i help you today?
how are you doing today?
you may be feeling a bit down?
is there anything that is bothering you at the moment?
what happened, though?
it sounds like you think it's going to take years for them to change, i'm not sure it ever happened again.
from my experience, i can see why it must disgust you. but he just doesn't seem to care whether you are honest with him or not.
you're very welcome. sometimes it doesn't always help to let people have people they have a certain amount to love. it's important to acknowledge and forget all the baggage.
have you had any serious counselling in three years?
it's very hard that you are going through this. do you have a friend or family member you can talk to for support?
also the fact that u have no friends makes it very hard. at the end of the day you could still make time to do anything. do you still have any hobbies?
i've been in that position before and i know why you make me sad.
so a guy who is really sincere and loyal. or who is kind to you and respects you really well? a regular guy would like you regardless of anything happening at home.
good evening! how are you doing today?
it's a very difficult time these days. what's going on?
oh no. that is so distressing. have you tried talking to her? talk to her with yourself or if you have other friends in your life.
i am sorry i'm so sorry but it's normal to feel sad. so that i've been trying to help but you stopped and it'r not working?
you did do what was healthy and you tried to take care of her.
that is a great start! some people give a quick reply and keep it going. it's an easy way to get yourself out of these situations. i think a friend might be able to help you.
i can see that you're feeling a lot of sad lately but that's ok. some people are just sad because the world isn't working too quickly. if you can talk to a friend and let her know how you've been feeling, that'll help.
ok. i could understand how a close friend would be like that. is there anything you can do to move on, maybe try to talk to some people?
i saw that she wasn't worth being wary of any longer. i am sure you will be wary towards people who don't respect you already. sometimes people have been left at all over the world after relationships ended, and it's hard to trust people, especially if they are people i actually knew
i see. also, brene brown is a professor at the university as well. i'm sorry when you think you don't trust anyone else. however, it's good that brene has some info which you don '' t know :)
you need to know brene brown's name.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. what exactly is going on?
this is the best time to invest a ton of money?
of course! you are aware of the stresses of the new year, but your brain doesn't trust the past. just give it a try! i would say try to check with your local specialist for suggestions of new strategies to help you as well.
my favorite advice from friends that i have often given to someone is to keep your alcohol intake down. though this sounds like an ideal way to help your anxiety levels, is it right?
have you tried asking your doctor for advice?
yes, for the self - centred, it's helpful to be able to really focus on the tasks that you need to do to get over that event. is this a risk that you may feel in the future?
it sounds like you are concerned that you are being overdressed or are you worried that your drinking has caused severe headaches or that you may be falling apart from your current situation? do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i get that from my own experience, friends often try to get their friends to take a similar attitude but they generally do not agree exactly. i have had friends who pressured me to drink too much, it seemed that it made me disinterested.
it really depends upon the situation. do you have anyone who can help you? sometimes there is food or support that you can ask for if you want to go out, but you have to give them credit for actually participating in the club or something? i would suggest drinking a certain amount of tea or sitting in
yeah definitely! i hope this help you tremendously so you have a great day!!
ah i see. how are you doing today?
thanks.
i can understand being feeling the same way right now. its been a crazy year for all of us. maybe it will help to start a new year. if not help to take a step back and think about what might be going on?
oh what a wonderful job!
that sounds like a really interesting place to find movies. maybe you could start making those videos there?
just from chatting with you i can see why you are a good professional.
thank you and best wishes.
you sound like a good writer.
from what i saw, it was good to get some ideas!
if you write in linkedin then you can apply your proofpoint.
you can sign up for patreon.
there are free tools online.
i hope i have been able to help.
i do freelance editing. that is a great hobby.
you are alive and talking.
yes it is, i have been in this situation and I have learned a lot.
i was studying creative writing and i was interested in business writing now what i do now. can you talk to any co - workers about your writing and become a copywriter? i would just give you some tips and feedback on your work.
hello, how are you today?
i am so sorry to hear that, has there been any problem? if so what brings it on?
okay, so what could i help you with today? maybe let me start the conversation from your side.
any problems with cows? i can understand the stress that coworkers are causing, but i know there are others that you can talk to.
well i am sorry to hear that. do you have contact information regarding the coworkers in job that may not meet your work? i can understand being upset with someone i consider a friend.
i don't believe that they will comply with your work requirements. have you spoke to them about it? i would like to ask is the employee responsible for the work?
have you asked any of your coworkers how they work?
i look forward to talking to you now... i know you are worried and want to continue working but is working hard to provide conservation support to those affected.
i am glad to help. has anything else bothering you today? i am glad i could help you today.
i'm doing okay, whats on your mind this time this year?
i am really sorry to hear that about. is there any other issues you'd like to discuss?
i am so sorry to hear that. what was the reason for your loss?
i have also lost a job due to covid and the pandemic. i need help finding a new one. i was also badly depressed with the virus. how long ago did the job go?
you lost your job due to covid. it was one of the worst jobs that happend in your history.
i can imagine. this is making you feel very depressed.
i could imagine it was hard to get a job at a time like that. has your medical staff been able to assist you with rehabilitation.
that is a big deal. i am so sorry for that.
did you lose your job because of covid and covid?
it sounds like you are trying to make a living living in georgia.
it is hard to get disability in this right now. have you talked to your counselor about this?
well the court sided with you.
i believe the state of pa has immunity from the virus.
i get that.
i had this happen to me once. i had to go to therapy to get better.
i have also been affected at times with addiction by depression, if i can remember.
sometimes i lose work just because i feel the way i am. there is no need to be in court.
i lost a job due to covid epidemic, and there is nobody paid to treat it. i had to move back home to go to the same hospital for another 3 months.
that is totally understandable there are organisations out there to help victims.
i don't blame you. i am not the doctor but it may be time for an appeal.
don't let them grab your arm.
it must be horrendous.
i heard that you have had an injury in the past that led to your health problems. do you have any information about the person?
and you were never able to find any job at osha without having your face in a hospital.
what is your name? ive been in a cheating situation before.
can you share how you are feeling about it?
oh my god! did it happen right?
hmmm, i see how you are feeling.. have you tried talking to family members about this?
i will tell you that i know exactly how bad it feels. did your girlfriend make any physical contact with you?
i can tell how uncomfortable you are and you are making bad choices. what were you doing to make your relationship with her?
is it possible that she was also attracted to you by your boyfriend because you feel like she is being hard on you?
are there any other friends you can talk to, maybe she could be your one thing that could keep your girlfriend happy until there is nothing different about it.
if you are aware of her mom actions then you should probably decide that she has been manipulating your girlfriend and you should tell her now that you have seen her.
well you have been a pretty nice girlfriend now you cannot forget the past.
you have made a mistake! i hope you forgive yourself soon.
good evening!
what did this year mean for you at work?
well, i saw you saying that your boss was making your situation worse so he should keep his position? that must be truly horrible.
i hope it's been a good year though!. i hope you are feeling better soon - i know the pressure and pressure may end soon, but i can't think of anything wrong with you!
i hope and hope that things go well with you. have you considered speaking to your boss about this? i am so proud of you!
yes we all feel guilty for the things we have done and feel guilty about it. i think you can do it!
hi how are you tonight?
do you have any close friends or neighbors you could hang out with?
i see you've had your own problems with living with friends so you are understanding where he stands on your situation. did he give you money to help you pay the bills?
i agree! i am so sorry to hear that. my brother thinks that you're being treated worse in the meantime. i know how hard that is to deal with. i can imagine how you are feeling at the moment! and my condolences to you.
i just try to stay positive and try my best to support my brother in some way. do you think it's a good idea to move out? at least some people would be willing to consider that option if you can't afford to keep the property.
i would totally have done that, but i know you've already done your best! it seems like your brother's problems are affecting you a lot and you're doing all your best to make the most of it.
i believe that the fact that this woman is getting this treatment is absolutely terrible. i think that you should look into things that you can do. have you thought about counselling, where you can seek support from professional healers? they may be able to help you with your feelings and get help if you want
yes, i understand. it must be very frustrating. i can't tell you what the future holds but it's certainly better that you stay upbeat and try to find work and hope that you'll be happy. just keep talking and making sure you will be happy wherever you are for as long as
you seem to need some help. are you having any idea of what the future holds?
you did! try and be the strength you need and you won't be alone though! stay strong!
hi, how are you doing today?
if i understand correctly, you are having a difficult time, is that correct?
yes, you think that he is? is this correct? what is making you think he is doing this?
are you aware that your boyfriend has done that again as well?
i think that you should talk to him about this, and find out if he will change.
i can tell that you feel that he is just playing along nicely with you because you took the reigns and didn't cheat - are you sure he has changed?
i understand all people feel that they are tied up in a toxic relationship and are not capable of any real change. what are you still doing?. you are not letting the past have a large impact on your relationships ; )
i think that you should just try to forget this situation and keep looking for a good solution. maybe a private session is something you can do.
no problem, there are a lot of reputable places that can offer free counselling after you have tried something. just think some way in which you could find your partner to work with? it may be worth pursuing that avenue.
are there any opportunities that you could take up a new career? i am here to ask for advice when things fall short for me.
that was good for me too! best wishes!
hi, how are you doing today?
can you please tell me what the pattern is?
so to clarify you were learning online the same thing when it was in - class. i've noticed that in - order of course learning is confusing because it might be confusing too so you may just be losing motivation from this year.
can you think of any ways you can learn online, or would you like to check out a few online training course?
i understand! have you been in school before?
is there anything else you would like to work on?
you need to focus on your studies. keep your studies alittle in focus, and you have to make study goals.
i was learning YouTube lessons just from talking to my students about it..
sometimes it helps to get yourself motivated to study and do something you enjoy.
hello! how are you doing?
i am fine, tell me something on your mind.
can you please tell me more about the problem what happened?
what is wrong with the order? you just placed it there at the wrong address? so the boss was not as aware of the order. but what is the problem? have you posted it to the customer's home?
oh i totally understand. no one will ever forgive you if you don't tell them you did not deliver the order. just being an honest person dont do them any favours. they must think you don't deserve the benefit of the doubt though. i would recommend you talk to an independent professional. you
i can definitely understand how i feel, i know food is important to this life. it is the best time of all for each person that eats food, but there are people out there like you..
well, i just want to ask you to clarify that the mistake was your fault i understand.
that should be devastating. it is okay to make mistakes and maybe he just made you wait for more time.
if i have to answer one question, i assume it's your problem? or simply your reaction that has hurt you the most. does this sound like a problem that you have a problem with?
ahh well i am glad you're here to talk today, can you press quit at any time. i'm glad i could be of service..
yes, i hope you are able to move on from this and start feeling better soon.
hello there.
have you thought of trying to talk to a close friend about what happened?
that's understandable. do you think it's best to talk to those you really want to connect with?
ok. well maybe you should ask his family about it?
you feel betrayed because you are happy but you feel betrayed by your partner because you feel wrong about him? sometimes, people make assumptions about us, we make assumptions based on how happy we are.
that sounds very difficult, i know, i think you are being betrayed by your romantic partner, perhaps letting the situation change a bit without a drastic change?
this is terrible. how long were you together? i had no warning. when did this happen?
oh. have any of your friends and family supported you in any way so far?
if your depression is about him, i give you a break from your life, take a couple of minute to decompress. calm down, and take a walk. take time to clear your mind. you already did everything you could to make a plan for 2019,
what happened during his time at work?
you can do it, or do you have family nearby that has issues with your boyfriend?
that's great! i wish you the best! i'm glad i was able to help you.
hello. how are you feeling today?
i am so glad to hear that. what are you doing to feel down?
what is it you are depressed about?
the pandemic is particularly isolating right now. it's upsetting, confusing and stressful..
when do you think it came to this? if you have any friends and family who have also caught the virus, then you are dealing with the pain, depression, and anxiety.
i'm sorry you are feeling depressed. however, having this condition make you feel like you're missing you so much is important. have your loved ones had any issues with the virus that led to this?
what do you do when you are feeling down?
i have done that too. i also do yoga and meditation and it helps me a lot.
wow, i've been to a few meetings and meditations here and there. it helped me a lot to reflect on how i want to live as far as i can. you seem to really care about life and things that you used to live in. do you live in a state you don't
i understand that counting to three is a good way to capture your day. remember, everything happens for a reason and it's all about giving yourself time. count to three will definitely give you time to truly focus on your mental health.
you're welcome! i hope you feel well eventually and begin to find some happiness again.
good afternoon! how are you doing today?
i am good - thank you very much for asking. what seems to have been the issue?
i have been doing my best and that is wonderful. this seems to be the kind of thing you don't play games with.
it's just normal..
no i don't think you should give up on yourself because you would be doing everything you could to fix the situation.
i understand this completely. have you tried speaking to him about the situation? has he accepted the way you feel?
that is a very hard thing, but maybe you should try discussing the feelings and see if he feels as though he is not being honest with you...
you are very welcome! it can be difficult to talk to people! bye!
hello, how are you doing today?
are you having trouble getting your head around things i can focus on in the future with normal activities?
how long ago was this onset? i see, are you having problems dealing with anxiety and depression?
i understand that. have you been trying to talk to a professional or friend about this as well?
there are many tools available that you can get started with just your phone.
there are lots of other free resources out there and it will help to seek help. you are not alone in this.
we can all be anxious about that, it is totally normal and it's understandable to worry as depression can be a major stressor - this is the most disabling stressor and is recognised by many doctors.
ok so you do not want to be talked about but that you are aware that there are support out there who can help you find the help you need.
that's great that you were able to reach out to people even though they were not able to understand what you were feeling at the time.
of course, it would be nice for you if you could try and talk to people about it and express your feelings to them.
i don't want to be medication but i am willing to try it and see if it helps.
you are very welcome and you are very brave to express your feelings in writing. please do not feel that the medication will improve your situation too much. i would suggest not taking them at all though.
thanks too. it is always helpful to talk to people you trust that might be able to be helpful whether it might help you to end the session or not.
you're welcome and i wish you the best in your fight against depression.
i can completely understand how that would make you feel to be isolated..
good evening, how are you tonight?
that sounds like a lot to go through, i can totally relate to that.
have you tried asking them if they can help. they feel helpless but have no idea how to help with you during the holidays.
maybe not at all, you should take the time to spend with your family, as they usually are the only ones you are close to when you are feeling down.
oh i see. i know that you are feeling lonely right now especially during this season.
that is tricky, but it is a great plan and one you need to think quickly about since you need time to talk to her and get some answers.
hello, how can i help you today?
i know it is difficult to process the situation as i've lost mine. is there something specifically causing the feeling?
if i had lost my job, i would normally have slept more than about four hours or so. but i find working in school has helped me get to sleep.
that's a very tough situation to go through. i have lost mine too.
if you use google, or youtube, or any other tools you liked, then you might be able to see where that might help.
what do you take to help you sleep?
yes, there are some natural natural releases of melatonin called melatonin and are supposed to help sleep and keep your mood up.
that's so wonderful! maybe some more meditation sessions, or some meditation exercises.
i hope this news does not bother you or cause you any anxiety.
you'll be fine. i know that's a difficult world to be in ; it's never easy, but you can use any tools you have : )
why are you sad?
what kind of activities do you enjoy?
of course, but i think you would be better off with the situation if you took the initiative to get yourself into something you normally like.
i understand how frustrating that can feel. do you have friends you have been able to confide in with?
oh my goodness – i can tell you are very surprised from conversations i have had with them about it and just feel that you did not want to be involved.
and maybe it is time to say something to make things right and replace your friends with your own friends. they should not think that you are the only one. maybe they just don't care about the fact that you're going but want to do the things that make them happy? but i suspect with
i understand it could be better to let them know that you care about them and can take part in activities that you enjoy.
it has never been easy for me to feel like this. when i realise it hurts i think its best to look at this whole situation from my perspective.
and then if they all snub you, they might not know you are a true friend and are surprised you are doing what you love.
that is a very hard situation to be in. i think your feelings are valid. your concern is not valid. you are not being put off by the isolation. you don't need to worry right now. take a step back and let yourself be happy. when do the concerts last?
hi that is a question! how are you doing today?.
okay i am sorry to hear that you are going back to uni due to finacial issue. how are you feeling?
that is pretty bad. does your family provide a way to work? just listen up.
what is a good last year of university your study is coming to an end? hopefully things will pick up then and eventually you will have your dreams fulfilled.
i can completely understand this feeling. do you have any family members in your position who would recommend you to go to another university?
have you tried discussing ideas with your teachers and other students.
oh that makes you old to learn in a bind.
it is his blessing you are alive. you will have a lot of things to do now.
my grandma is 92.. i am in my 60s.
yes im just from chatting with you i could feel the same way. just keep your positive attitude ; )
yes i know in my 60's it is hard not to become a successful person.
sad to think you may take that course, do all the work required.
you are welcome, i am sure that has to be frustrating.
i have to ask the college if you are willing to graduate and see how done your grades improve.
you are worth it.
yes. good luck with your future.
hello, why are you feeling upset, and sad?
do you have any contact details such as a family member, if you just want to chat, can you meet with them again in person?
i see, that may be upsetting over a secret.
it sounds like you completely have a moral defense plan, and have the courage to be honest with your friend.
i see. that must be very immature of her. maybe you should tell your friend that you want to help her but you can't do that since that is your friend's biggest concern. do you think she is thinking the same way when you're upset with your friend?
i wonder if maybe you could share maybe some of the information that they had shared so they could make some friends for you?
i understand. what you need is someone you trust, i know you cant help her, but i believe that you can help her and help her.
you're very welcome, it may seem a little overwhelming, do you think making a choice like this will impact everyone?
hello, how may i help you today? what would you like to talk about?
good morning, how is life treating you today?
well, it sounds like you are having problems with your friends.
i can understand that might be hard to deal with because they use emotional support to make you feel rejected. is there anything specific bothering you about the relationship about how it is affecting your emotional support?
ah that's good but i would suggest do not worry about your friends making you feel neglected when out with them or not being there. that is a very upsetting situation..
have you tried doing things on your own?
it is true i was feeling you, it's important you think about yourself and try to find ways to turn your friends away from you for sure.
i'm glad to hear that. i think you should use a step back and find someone to talk to.
the 3rd part is being a positive person by talking to your family therapist. have you tried playing with a variety of different hobbies?
you're welcome!
what brings you here today?
why do you feel that way?
oh dear. it sounds really sad about his death. i can empathise with you, it must be hard for you to feel these emotions. my grandmother died in her mid 50s and my mom in her 90s. when i was young my sister and grandpa were in our 20s, but she
is there any reason he might not have been well by this time? i remember spending hours and days in hospitals and nursing homes thinking of my mom. it seemed that it's not a good time at all to be there but he had a good life. he seemed like a kind person, i am quite
well then perhaps you can consider talking to a peer group, which are free to do at this time.
oh, i can understand that feeling. have you thought about grief therapy?. have there been programs that have helped you cope with grief?
i've suffered grief myself. it's not easy to forget and move on from this one. but it would be a really good start.
it's so unfair of people to deserve their feelings of inferiorness. have you ever tried talking to someone you genuinely consider close?
i hear you on that, sadly you might not get to go far when you really need to do so. you still deserve the best life you can have without grief.
and maybe if you continued to take care of him and his loved ones, you could find other opportunities to get over his condition? it's natural for people to struggle with it to. it is understandable though for a loved one that would be depressed too.
do you feel like you should be giving yourself more time to focus on the things you have already accomplished? but that would waste your time at all. i know you're very welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
wow, thanks. is there anything specific bothering you?
not too bad - so you're happy to return to your work?
yes, that's one more concern! what about keeping our home safe throughout the pandemic? is your family aware of this?
i'm glad this was handled in a positive way. are you feeling any guilt right now about this?
i'm sorry about that, people need to be understood.
maybe you could speak to hr about this? you can always reach out to people higher up to discuss these concerns with your principal or other school officials there. your welcome. i'll take care of you and stay safe.
it's okay to feel lighter too. hope so!..
hello how are you doing?
as if there's something particular going on that is causing you to be depressed?
i understand. it's incredibly hard in quarantine. do you mind telling me more about the effects?
it sounds like you have not been allowed to use it for any time, however, it does not seem like it has anything to do with your income.
well, it is easy for you to get into trouble when there's some kind of quarantine so you must be afraid that it does not really benefit you. is there anyone you can talk to about your concerns?
do you see anything else i can help with?
i used to get the first crack in about thirty years but it really helped me in the beginning. i was really worried because of the pandemic. is the uk a democracy in which we are governed? there should be no ban of pot in the ugh as long as there's no government supporting
yes i am : d i was against khan until a year ago but now i completely understand.
do i get it at all as a reason to vote for corbyn?
you sound like a smart person, and i don't have any ties to khan : )
oh, that's wrong! and i'm sorry to hear that... you don't vote for him since you don ’ t want to participate in local elections if you don � t feel like you have a place for yourself in the political world. maybe it's time to get
there's a lot of stuff in here : d
well i have been in a lot of drug shops after my years of being a police officer... but it seems they have a good deal of control over certain aspects of society however.. i never know much of anything.
i use the circle, though. uk knows better than me : ) i used to be in zombi's country i was in halifax, but i like uk more than london : d
yes i will: )
that's good : )
i hope your day is a pleasure : d. you too : )
hello! how are you?
yes i can totally relate, i have been in the same situation, if everyone knows what they are going through, i may be able to help,
are there any hobbies or activities that you are interested in doing to alleviate your sadness?
i cannot find the motivation to move, i think you have big shoulders to handle it, but i don't think it is due to covid being here. i can only imagine how hard that would be.
is it covid related that you are fighting now? the pandemic is causing a lot of bad things.
i am sorry to hear that. i used to suffer for similar to a lot of years before but you just take it one day at a time.
the only thing that helped me was to go into the app and log in and give it the attention it deserved.
i hope that you got things right.
what helped me was that i had a friend who was at a mental health emergency and asked me to share some of my issues with her. she helped me and got me through my struggles. my friend and i talked to her and they ended up having to talk about what was going on.
you will be okay! i wish you all the luck for your journey.
howdy!! my name is lisa, it has been so nice talking to you, its been such a pleasure talking toyou!
are you ok with anything else?
hi there, i am at the moment. how are you doing?
if you are not working then you are lost. how else are doing you?
what do you think you are going to lose? maybe take a look into the online job search.
sometimes it helps to talk about how you feel during this crisis.
that is great! i had something like that happen to me when when covid'19 lifted.
i recently lost mine over covid - 19 and the covid- 19 lockdowns. i lost my job about ten years ago, so i can't do too much at home because i lost part time work to get by..
i don't'remember anything about covid - 19, it was really sad for me... that is a pretty big deal and something that has been around for a while - i'll hold my eye on it.
i think... maybe take more time to think about your life before making any big changes. maybe tell your wife that you think you have found a better job.
that is horrible, at least someone will get to be honest with you.
i think this will not pass... but the good news is, you can start fresh and get it.
yes, i totally understand that. maybe make this year about being busy with work. maybe work on your resume and get your unemployment under control, maybe make some new money before the new year comes along?
well, that makes sense, you probably have lots of things besides it. but i think it really is about you and your attitude about it... it sounds like you are doing a great job of showing concern for your family, but do you have friends by sharing tips with them?
i understand that. i've learned to leave the office and try the other avenues. i know you could find an opportunity to get some new work.
you're doing your best, you deserve happiness and pride. it may not, but you can be a strong work - hard American, your job will reward you for your hard work and good hard work.
not if you would like to go into self - care. i like to encourage people to do that, because if they don't go into it, you need to do it because it's for your self enjoyment.
the only way i'm able to help you is by providing you a bit of extra information and feedback. do you have any hobbies or experiences that you might enjoy that you would like to explore?
i can understand why that would be so upsetting. what led to this?
have you ever talked to him about this? did he know you were friends? he seemed so nice that i didn't trust him.
is there anything you could do to change him? maybe you can think of some avenues of redemption that might help you move on from him? or try new avenues? or are you willing to talk to someone who can be emotionally comforting?
that is understandable, i think it is understandable to think you are being thrown off your feet and want to have something you have no idea. did he know that you loved him or did he just know it was true? just from seeing how you look at him, i like that. i have been in relationships
i understand, i think it can be a big problem. i understand feeling like you deserved better from a person. do you need the kids to support you?
you must think you deserve better than all that drama your been experiencing at this time. i hope i have been able to help you, and make you happy!
i think most people are feeling stuck and tired and just have to keep in touch with others. i think a lot of people are suffering from this same kind of thing right now!
also, getting your haircut is one of your free hobbies. it's a great way to take your time : do some new hobbies and spend a lot of time outdoors.
yes, that is a great idea! you should get yours when you are ready! also, you can do some online shopping, make new memories, take pictures of your kids, and then look to your friends where your children are at!
what do you want to do once covid ends?
yes, it is. people don't treat women the same way : - ) i am sorry to hear that. have you been able to talk to any friends about this?
what happened?
i am sorry to hear that, i was going through the same thing. you are not letting the pain ruin your future. do you think the woman you are attracted to is doing the right thing by choosing to continue with him?
your heart ache is just a result of some bad chemistry, you should learn from this experience.
is there anything that you can do right now to make yourself better?
what you did after that was to seek professional help from someone who cared for you.
i am really glad that you are able to share some happy memories with people you really care about.
can you share some memories with me from this relationship?
i hope you have a wonderful thanksgiving.
you are welcome.
hi, how are you?
oh my goodness! what happened?
i lost my job about 4 months ago, i was in a great stress. can you share how you feel about it?
this pandemic made people a little anxious. do you think the pandemic will affect your self esteem or your work chances right now?
good job. i know you have made a lot of sacrifices.
i just remember when i lost the job i always knew that my cats had it on his list..
we need more time.
i think the economy is going to get good soon, but until then people are avoiding work : (
hi how is life at night?
i can definitely understand why that might happen to you. it is normal to feel like that.
i have had other problems with my sleep as well. try to be in good spirits while doing your work. i am happy to listen and help but when i am doing work, i will have trouble sitting up straight and sleeping.
it sounds like you are having issues with anxiety over a child that you care deeply about?
i think meditation is really important for getting your mind off of things. it will get you through a rough time.
i can see why that would be difficult but i also had issues with bedtimes before bedtime. is there anything else that your mother has done during this time to help to reset your schedule?
i am sorry to hear that.
i don't worry too much. if you only try to use your limited time and energy, you wont really be able to sleep.
i think you have a great plan and know you can do it. i also wish you a good nights sleep.
hi, how can i help?
i see, i've been feeling a little bit down lately as well. what's on your mind?
i see. can i ask what's going on?
what is the issue?
i'm about halfway done. i have 3 kids i'm working hard to support.
i do not have children but i know some kids do.
it sounds like you are frustrated all the time. do you have any other obligations, like doing yard work or housework?
wow thats tough. i always say that you have a lot on your plate and try really hard : ) i think the best thing you can do right now is to focus on your master's degree.
hi! how are you feeling today?
from what you said, you are experiencing a lot of depression due to the pandemic?
i've had those sorts of issues before. it's good that school is helping and safe. i am sure lockdown can certainly create a lot of extra stress and anxiety, what's not going to help?
i think people feel anxious about the future because it seems you are anxious that things will get worse, however, remember to take care of yourself though..
that's a good idea, this could help keep your mind occupied and keep you busy. i understand that lockdown must be isolating, have you checked with a professional to help you get closure?
i see. i have found that communication and research can be helpful for depression and many people've gone through some tough times to find help. do you want to get support groups out of your life?
it sounds like you are suffering from depression and are anxious to reach out to her? would you want to reach that out to any other psychiatrists via chat?
ah i am in my 20s and has been depression for almost a year now. its not like you're not able to see your therapist every now and then, but you'll feel better eventually. i found therapy helped me when i was feeling bad too, and my mental health got better. just
of course i understand, especially as it has been an ongoing struggle for so many people since birth.
i don't have the right tools to do this but i think you should talk to your doctor and get some support. if you can't help other moms with that, you may have resources like that who you can contact and ask more questions.
i'm glad you're sharing.
how are you doing today?
do you have a specific amount of studying that is stressing you out? i know you are stressed out about your studying because it is already stressful.
i understand in this time period it can be hard to keep up with a semester. but i also understand why you're stressed.
have you spoken with a professor or class leader about how you are feeling after the pandemic?
i agree! i think even if you can keep above a 3. 0 gpa it might not be good enough for you to retake. if you fail i'd think you're doing your best, but if you don't, it may not be enough to pass your exam.
there are also programs that offer virtual learning.
i personally hate being in tiny rooms with a laptop. i think that's a totally normal situation to be in. also i'm interested in learning to read online when things are not as easy as you think because of the time pressures.
i know that. the pandemic really tore the world apart if our expectations didn't come to pass. many students who do study online and have no connection to campus already are feeling low. even those who are studying can feel their way through this!
well just out of curiousness i understand your frustration. have you sought advice from your friends or family first.
thanks for talking! i also think if it helps you a little?
what is making you sad?
sure, but you are not ready to let that fight go. do you think that is what led to the fight?
good for you for the fight because you are missing her now.
do you think you still feel safe after what happened?
maybe talk to them after the attack to let them know. what do you have to stay calm and do right now?
okay, if you feel you are going on the wrong path, what could help you move on?
so you are not sure what to do, and i would suggest you not to get into a hurry or anything that causes you to hurt yourself.
that sounds like that you are going to be fine with the fight. maybe you should start taking breaks off of her and talk to her about how you feel. sometimes it's better to just forget about her and move on from her and let her be who she is, and to see if that helps.
well, i think that you can give it time, and move on from this situation without thinking about her. she was the one for you, not you.
bye : )
what is going on for you?
good afternoon.
it's so not important to me how often are you ignored.
i understand why you are feeling sad. have you asked to have a talk with her.
so by your understanding, she was acting weird or sad due to her move.
well she may have changed her pattern by wanting to be close to your friend more than you are. i would not let that happen to you, even if they were friends for 10 years.
yes, that can happen at any time.
that does sound wrong. sometimes it gives good reasons for why a friend would behave way too much. maybe she moved in a very large place for you to be upset. it would not be ideal to have a fight between friends but that is her personal matter anyway.
no, i am not. when i said not to help her, she did not live with her husband. however, do you think it is possible for her to move into her new home or does she live with others who are not close to you?
that could make it harder to talk to her, but maybe you could contact her without reason.
i am glad to hear that you feel better now.
i had a gift idea when you bought the home and it was so furnished but then i noticed she was busy settling in.
hmmm, it is a hard situation to be in.
oh, she just bought the house as furnished as you thought. it sounds like she wanted you to accommodate her with her own style.
that is hard to get to see each other in person. i think if you make sure to talk in person and get what you need from her it could help her feel less lonely.
yes it can do so many good things and i hope it does not make you feel isolated.
have you just spoken to your friend and asked her if they were close?
you should not be hurt.
you are right I feel betrayed! i am not sure what happened but try to text her first to break the ice.
i know that is really hard to do but i say you can do it if she wants to.
that sounds like a great idea. i hope this conversation goes well.
i totally recommend it to you.
hi, how is life treating you in the short term?
i am sorry to hear that. what seems to be the problem?
that seems like a really hard situation to be in just from chatting with you.
wow that's a lot of extra money from searching to find a new job. perhaps it's been put into some kind of saving program?
that's a really difficult thing for anyone to deal with. i wish you the best of luck in all your endeavours.
i am sorry to hear that. i can imagine how you're feeling. you are feeling like your husband's gone.
that seems like a really difficult situation to be in. i'm sure you will make new friends though.
okay i'm glad to hear that. if you're worried, could you get counselling about whether you can get unemployment?
you too!
maybe you could ask your friends in your local neighbourhood? or maybe contact an employment agency to get an application.
hi, how are you today? how's it going?
i am here for you. how is it going?
oh hi! what's been happening?
so when was this?.
i understand it is not fair to you.
what are your troubles from?
when did this start?
i understand that. you must totally have been upset about this..
the only thing that does help you to get through this is sharing this with me.
you feel like you should have taken this very seriously and reached out to her directly but she did not come forward ; )
i think we should definitely speak to her! she could be very upset and upset about the situation and also show her you cared about her.. i don't think you should force her to talk to you about it..
you have a chance to make amends and maybe a new friendship started over dinner.
what about having a private conversation with her about this?
you're absolutely welcome, and i know how difficult these situations are, but i know you can make it through it! are there any ways you could talk or be prepared?
hello.
oh sorry to hear that. would there be any way i can help you when you're feeling down?
i'm sorry to hear this, does it sound like you are a bit depressed at all?
i'm so sorry to hear that. did your ex - boyfriend break up with you?
has anybody else ever been jealous in your life before you broke up with him?
i know you feel sad but maybe trying to talk to him can help.
this is a good time too. try to talk to a good therapist and they will be more than happy to do that.
have you thought of counseling for the emotional pain you are suffering from?
that's great news. i need to emphasize your right now. you can stay here all day.
it sounds you're feeling sad. i'm glad you've reached out now. you'll need some time to heal.
not a problem! you're welcome.
hello how are you today?
well, that sounds terrible. my girlfriend, you are not getting over him for being a good member of your family?
i have aged a lot in life, so how many years are you on track to live?
yes, it is quite a bit younger than you've grown up. i can tell you are very exhausted by this time.
what is going on?
you're a very mature person. just stay happy if not resentful.
is there anyone in your life that you'd like to talk to about this?
there are a lot of groups available to meet new people online.
it's really easy to go using profiles and get things linked back on social media. they offer lots of advice and opportunities for friendships and social networking.
just from chatting with you, i could tell how long you are waiting. you have a lot of talent of your own. your going to love someone else, once you get over this, you will be able to make friends.
what do you think is more important than the relationship?
hello, how are you today?
im so sorry to hear what you are asking.. is there anything that was wrong to make you feel better?
oh my i am so sorry to hear that. i had to share the news with you after talking to you for the first time recently.
that's really upsetting. it looks like you are truly devastated. i'm so sorry to hear that. how old is he?
and you feel that you are powerless now?
i'm sorry to hear that. you may want to be there for her and to allow her to be healed. please continue to share your feelings with her.
thank you! bye!
hello, how are you doing today?
i hear you. is it the pandemic or the pandemics?
how is it that you are getting sick, or are you going through some other work that you want to do..
oh this is really a tough time. i think we all need an online job soon.
i don't believe that can happen. i think it is a real issue.
do your family have computer skills? it's important to have proper training. you should also try going to online agencies like food banks, church, or so we know you can reach out to friends, neighbors, etc.
goodbye i hope i helped. have you tried going online yourself or by going through a hiring search?
ahhhh i wish you a merry christmas.
hello how are you?
i have been feeling this way recently as well. is this a common issue for anyone?
i understand. i am so sorry to hear that..
if she never met that kind of person, i am sure she was the same person. i know what it is like to be together for more than 3 years but still lose your touch.
i understand how you feel. I have had experience with the same thing. the worst thing i did was change what i loved and not do certain things. i found finding friends and becoming close with new people. it didn't hurt.
i see. have you ever been able to go out and get a partner?
no one ever says what they think. i am 28. it must be terrible. that is a scary situation to be in. when people act this way you don't think it has an impact on you.
i also have been in that position. you have to learn to stop being who you are. you are not worth any effort. your feelings could be affected by anything that happens in the world.
i'm just assuming that you have been feeling less like him since you left him. perhaps you should start taking a slow stroll and enjoy yourself.
could she have been involved with any romantic activity just as you do?
there should be some consequences, you can take responsibility for your actions.
you need patience. if she has a new boyfriend already, you should not take this calmly. however, if you put some pressure on her, she might not want to tell you.
hi how are you feeling?
i am okay thanks, is anything on your mind that is bothering you?
that's a bad year to be going through the economic difficulties, right?
you are absolutely right the economic situation is a real pain, but things will get better for you over time and in the meanwhile we will continue to prepare for the holidays.
yes you will see there are plenty of ways to communicate the holidays.
i think that will definitely add to your holiday spirit.
that sounds like a wonderful thought. have you considered having fun with the holiday season?
yes that's nice. i am guessing that the holiday season will be pretty quiet there unfortunately. you deserve to be feeling loved right now especially in this election year.
oh wow that is crazy. the weather and weather are just terrible. a good start to this year.
haha i am in our area which is so nice to make friends. it was very nice to be able to meet people.
hello, how are you today?
do you have any family or friends who might be interested in helping you out?
i am sorry to hear that, when i lost my job a year ago it was during this time but still isn't good for employment. i am sure things will open up for you soon i hope.
have you talked to anyone that you know about what opportunities do you have in your field at walmart? there are plenty of companies that are hiring for more engineers which might help with both jobs.
i understand that. i also used that as a source of income as well. it was a relief getting out of that horrible period. maybe a temporary position until unemployment takes care of itself. that could be a good place to start for now while you adjust to the economy.
have you looked any other online resource for the job market or would you consider looking into a new career as well? i am a former teacher and i know it is hard to find something just for your age and you as well.
i know how you feel, stay out of work though.
how long ago was covid first? lol : )
take care!
hello, what are you today?
i'm fine my name is s chelice. tell me more.
as you say that you're very upset with the ex. it may be hard to stand up for yourself when she talks back to your current friends.
what about other friends you have had issues with before?
yes, well i'll certainly do that! have you tried seeking legal recourse? i've been there, but my best advice was to not let it hurt the friendship. i don't think you should go for legal action, but have the friend's friends see the light at the end of
do you know there is an attorney involved in mediation? it takes some courage to say that to her? is a friend of yours close enough to be interested in mediation with. that's great! just remember they both have good intentions. and yes, they are friends so they're not your friend.
have you had a one sided conversation with him about the situation? sometimes people can hurt each other without anyone seeing it.
i can understand that. i tried to get an eviction order but the second judge passed it. it's really not strong enough. maybe there's some way to make things right so try and move on from this. maybe you should try a mediation with the ex friend and see what happens. i hope
i'm sure you'd sue her for violating the constitution. it's completely unprofessional to accuse her of having ties to anyone. but i'm confident in you that you will get through this. she should get a lawyer if it sounds like she's getting what she deserves.
your friend might be an object of your dislike. she doesn't deserve to be treated like that.
it's okay to be bitter and angry. there are other people out there who want to help too. if its something that you really don't want to join anymore I would suggest to try to find another good friend too.
yes it does. have you tried talking to your friends about how you're feeling? it might help to get your mind off of it. your friend knows what you mean.
hope. i think you've done the right thing because i know you can and have a future with this person.
you're welcome.
i am sorry to hear that. you are having issues with work?
sometimes work creates a lot of challenges..
you've probably also tried looking at different apps to be connected to folks online. like that ones that have virtual support. you could share your interests with the people you love and enjoy more.
what if you are not at all occupied with your work and the company would like to keep you occupied with the work or even your partners? would that be a good idea?
i know some people struggle with work / life balance. maybe it would help to meet your manager and see where you are at for work.
oh, i understand that. i know they'll be very anxious as well. are you taking any leave after covid - 19 is over and your work schedule is still in flux? is that something you'd consider if you do what could support you temporarily?
thank you.
hi, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear. can you seek professional help if you need it?
it can feel overwhelming to be feeling anxious, depression is common. i have also experienced anxiety and depression. have you had any co - workers or friends to talk to about this?
well, yes, the virus is a long process. do you need any supports that you can talk to?
how did you find yourself doing these things?
it's so very understandable to feel that way when you are depressed. it's very understandable that you are troubled about this. your depression probably isn't related to your mental health at all.
so, do you enjoy your hobbies?
don't think too much about it. suicide is a perfectly normal thing to do...
yes, we both like to exercise. we exercise a lot too. i also like to feel happy and energized - it is really helpful for my mood too. did you have any friends or family that you talked to?
there are different methods of communicating with friends and family on Zoom :
i know i am very anti - sleeping and the pandemic has taken away my happiness too but you have to make other choices since it will affect your well being. it sounds like you are extremely determined and determined to get better.
maybe you could do that while bed and still talk with your family about what you'd like to do, then you might learn how to solve your depression.
you're welcome. i wish you the best of luck and hopefully you get through this unscathed!
well, you can get back to work on your assignments, and hopefully your mood will improve in the future.
what kind of thing did you do?
i understand. time heals all wounds.
that's a really hard way to come out from something like this. have you been able to talk to any friends about this?
it sounds like you do know how troubled you feel. maybe he will find out what you did, or be shocked by the betrayal that took place, maybe you're able to help yourself a little by forgiving him, maybe even letting them see the pain you've caused while still together as friends. is
try to hide what happened, make sure you don't let the reality sink in. you will surely find a way.
it's a difficult situation especially if he's so suspicious. there are other people out there who might be able to help you see your future. you definitely deserve someone who genuinely believed you. i would suggest talking to your sister to begin getting to know them in a different way.
do you feel like you have your own path ahead of you? you certainly don't have to take any kind of walk, but you definitely can choose to move on.
i know, you're so smart. you deserve to be happy now ; he must know how bad it feels to treat you that way.
i certainly understand. you will need to stay safe until you can figure out how to move on. however, this might sound like you are doing your best now rather than talking about it.
good afternoon. what's bothering you?
maybe i can share just a little more about why you are feeling this way?
i was having a stressful day then suddenly it all went away.
it sounds like you are dealing with an unusual mental health problem. is that so.
i am sorry you are feeling like that. does that sound right?
no problem. the fact that you have an open wound will help you move on.
i also feel bad for you being in an abusive relationship. the counselor will also help you with coping with your concerns. this is an important mental health challenge, but you can do it.
have you spoken with your therapist? do you know that he / she has been able to assist you in finding the best solutions?
you are an excellent person to get help and take the time to be positive and consider your next steps.
so for me, it is a very difficult thing to deal with.. i have found counseling helpful for this situation..
thank you for sharing with me this week. you deserve the help you need so you do what is the right thing for you. so be positive. you do very much deserve that.
that could be a bit concerning. but once you get the right idea. maybe you can start on your own...
bye.
how are you?
i'm so sorry to hear that. what is it that is bothering you?
i am so sorry to hear that. have i been intimate with you in this way before?
i am so sorry to hear that. does it sound like you are being honest with yourself about things?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been there and have been through much before. you certainly have to take the time to focus on your time now.
of course, it can be challenging to find closure, it is very difficult to get over everything, especially during these busy times. what seems to be the biggest issue with this relationship is that not everyone is feeling the same way.
i know at times they are not allowed to talk about their pasts with us though.
yes i know a lot of people feel these feelings when they are in the situation themselves. sometimes we can take a step back and re - evaluate relationships and things from the beginning. i always find myself going through a break up really helps me to process things and get through it.
do you have anyone close to you you can confide in if you feel that you should in an unbiased way?
bye.
hello.
i am very happy to hear that. is there anything that you would like to talk about today?
i see! that must be rough.. i am glad that you are being careful of your alcohol. is there any reason the relationship was not working correctly?
i can understand that you had problems with your wife due to your drinking. is this something that you do monthly? often times she requires a big break out to avoid alcohol.
i know that there are very many options out there right now, but have you thought about speaking with your wife about finding a professional sponsor? i always find it very easy to be good with others.
that's a great initiative! i am sure that your wife will understand that you have been drinking now.
i will make sure everything works out for you. i have had issues with my drinking throughout my marriage. i had to quit because of this. but you should consider it. it's a great idea to change your personal drinking habits to reduce your relationship. you are welcome.
and i hope you are feeling more confident in yourself. good luck!
thanks! have a wonderful evening.
do you have any family that you would like support from today?
it's my pleasure. good luck. have a great day!
sure! that's a long time to move. i'm sorry to hear that you left your job.
it can be hard not knowing what your connection is or what are your emotions. may i suggest telling your partner about it?
yes. at least you are not alone. a new job is an opportunity to build up your skillset.
i sometimes find comfort in what i've experienced. if you find self - doubt, it gives me hope. and if you have friends or family who have been in your shoes, there could possibly be benefits available that could help you find work.
yes, i know that. trying to find one is exhausting!
maybe in certain industries you would be able to have a great connection with your partner. maybe in your area you'll be able find work in some local universities or businesses. perhaps find another job and look into your skillset.
would you consider taking a career class in a different field? there are a good bunch of free software there, but you would first have to complete some hours in the course.
it probably doesn't take much to complete anything. i know that people have gone through what that must be like, but maybe you can get a different job later. you could keep looking for different options, or take a long time to complete.
oh, what about finding a new job, perhaps taking some classes to get into the new field, which is usually a natural job for you to take on. maybe the classes you studied may be worth starting with. there are other options if you feel more confident with the field you want to work in, like
i sometimes use that to help focus on the good parts of the job. i often also begin to take a step back, and think of some things that may be the only way you feel that way.
hello, what's bothering you today?
i hope you are fine and ask how can i help?
if i understand correctly, i know i've struggling with depression and losing weight lately. may i ask what is going on?
of course you're feeling down. you've been feeling down since this breakup. are you upset about the way things are going now?
it sounds like you're still there. the only reason he's not moving on is because he're moving on quickly.
that sounds like a good plan. i understand some responses you may have had to make in response to your concerns. you don't want to be hurt.
how old are you?
you sound like you're a pretty intelligent woman! i think you'll be fine. thank you for talking and thank you so much for sharing your happiness with me today.
i hope that you find success in someone new soon. you are doing a great job on improving yourself.
hello! how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. jealous feeling is usual for anyone going through this.
i understand that you are jealous, but you can try hard to show her you can do things.
so, you feel you are jealous because you love your friend?
as a female, are you aware of the situation?
it's good that you are showing off with your friend, especially if you are married.
if you think about it, the fact that you have been lied to means that you are not in the best position to be lied to by other people is an indicator of your insecurity. and if you are concerned about your friend, you should talk to your bi friends and tell her how much you love her and
yes i have seen those women who show their side, and showing them more interest.
honestly, if you get involved with someone, it will make you unhappy.
you are a beautiful person, stay positive!
what would you like to talk about today?
i think we all feel anxious about something. we all have something. it is a difficult thing to deal with when waiting for someone. what is the reason you are nervous?
i am sorry to hear that, i completely understand.
this is a severe stressor that is causing anxiety and perhaps your anxiety is due to this for some specific reason or it is just time or something.
that sounds really stressful. what are your chances of the minimum charge before?
is there any way you can talk to your family about this? they are certainly welcome and could help : )
good idea : ) should you pay interest on other bills?
okay, that's excellent advice, you may know that there are plenty of options out there.
that seems terrible though, i think you should know the terms.
i think it may be important to give a little extra time before you end up trying to pay the full amount. usually once you pay off the balance it will be less than half your original amount and still make you a little money.
you are welcome?
no problem, thank you for sharing with me. you too!
hello, how are you feeling today?
is this pandemic due to the pandemic?
i hope i have been able to be of some help and it is helping to get through this!
anyways i am so sorry to hear that, i can assure you are making a full recovery and getting well.
well i'm really sorry you are feeling that way though! i hope you are able to overcome it in some way and make peace with it.
oh that's tragic. you shouldn't feel bad about it.
i think just stay safe and be aware of whats going on and continue to make sure to continue to do what is good for you.
that sounds like a great idea.
okay, let your mind clear.
you want that hour to build your life back up, make yourself a goal and set your own schedule.
i'm on the same boat. no need to rush into things. the only way out is to think about the positives and what are the positives. there's no shame in taking a moment to reflect about the mistakes you made.
hello, how are you today?
im so sorry to hear that. how is your day going today? i'm in am good spirits.
i've always been very good to talk with people in our life. when i was in school i was very interested in doing something i enjoy doing in the morning. could you tell me more about it?
just from the few messages that i would have sent you, sometimes it helps to take your mind off of certain aspects of our day to day lives. maybe you should try to do something productive during the time you are in work?
that would be a nice idea. it is hard to know whether life would be better for that. if you have thought about it, then you must be really interested in something.
i understand. you might want to look for a local company or university. may someone recruit you? or do you have people hiring?
do you think there are any online sites that you are interested in?
i'm sure it will be easier if you keep trying. i think you are on the right track.
i found my own company then because it was the best idea.
have you considered trying other opportunities?
well, take care and meditate every night, try to mediate during the day and don't let anything worry you. you were just saying that you are ready to try something.
i think you will be fine.
if I can offer you with more information but you have to keep trying, you will get rejected!
sometimes things take a little time to process but it starts to take form.
thanks for talking.
yes, it was nice talking to you before you chose something new.
what do you think God wants to happen with you?
sometimes we build our strength to go forward in life.
you too!
i am sorry to hear that. is the pandemic causing you to feel this way?
i feel that you are feeling lonely because of the pandemic. does that sound right?
i know about losing a job can be disconcerting. it can be hard to do what you want to do when this time comes around.
could you give me some details about what caused you to lose your job? it seems you are not keeping your end goal.
it sounds like you have had a bad year and are trying to figure out where to start from.
it definitely sounds to me like you just put some savings aside and are doing a good job, just by talking about it, you aren't alone.
do you have any friends who can help you through this time?
i had a 1 yr old and she was 2/ 3rds old at the time. this makes me a little concerned and terrified even a close friend of mine is having to look into things she do to cope with being without her job.
i am sure you are there and ready to help. i know many people searching online are searching for help who are able to stay connected with their loved ones. is there any financial assistance available through various websites that you use?
i feel the same way. when they go through hard times during this pandemic our faith and blessings really change..
don't get any hopes. if you have any more questions about the pandemic your best hope for coping is to seek out a real help with this. he has more than enough help!
i am so sorry. it is strange to feel sad like this.
so your partner is / has been cheating in some capacity on you since the beginning?
so, you are telling them now that you are so distraught because your partner is betraying you?
there is a law against cheating. they can not have a judge make accusations on anybody. but, if they see you as lying, they may want to accept it as a mistake on your part. you should probably not be ashamed of it after all.
it sounds like the situation must be very rough. how long have you been engaged?
i am sorry to hear that, maybe they knew about your relationship then gave you the false impression that you and your partner are not married.
we all trust different people will give you reason to doubt your judgement.
you think that he is going to withdraw from the relationship because he is having issues with his actions? is he still with his lover?
was the rumor started by someone else? someone else was jealous about him? i think that this person could have known about your relationship, so you should be able to see how he treats you.
yes, have you asked him further? ask him why he is with another woman that he is dating? get yourself to be intimate with him. if it is false, ask him directly whether he is interested in you.
you sound happy to give him an ultimatum.
you are the right person to trust your partner and ask him why he is distant with you. that may be more accurate than the initial claim.
that is totally understandable. maybe he has not been sincere about why he is distant. but maybe he could say that he cares about you? that isn't good. do you know some jobs that may not give you the flexibility to be distant?
when i am in a relationship, i know that it's important to be careful not to make too much assumptions. talk to your partner about things that you are passionate about. if he doesn't want to say anything, you can suggest a few things that would take both of you to work together.
do you have a good chance of talking with him about it?
i am young, so you could not go on with the relationship. we are both 22. i would think you are taking things slow and just want to feel good. try to talk it out with him sometimes.
i am really sorry about that. i am sure, you have been trying your best to show your passion and care for each other, but you have found that you simply can't give him the ultimatum.
i think you should have a little more time before communicating with him first.
i'm sure that there is much to learn about you. what about maybe doing something together to distract from the stress of work?
i see. does he see this as a potential sign of depression or anxiety?
you are very welcome. have a wonderful day..
sounds like it will get better. i would also see if he can see you in person and see with someone else that would support him financially.
i would ask him what do he mean by that?
just from chatting with you, i could see how your relationship was very much the same.
good for you as well. your concern is that you are not going to be the cause any of these messages are coming in.
ah.
that must be tough, i am sorry to hear that. when did this happen?
i’m sorry how did it happen? did you get emotional?
is this after you were engaged?
that must be a really difficult situation to be in. could you tell me more about it?
i can see through your own eyes. i hope you can make it through this.
i know brene brown from a previous relationship. did you get to know her at all and they were probably happy in the end.
you should feel as though all of this is for nothing, or that you have not taken responsibility for yourself. is there anything you've done to help you? you really should look for a support system. there is none out there for you these days.
thank you so much. let them know we dont live forever but we will come together.
i can see your anger but that can be addressed with you knowing that you are not alone. it is natural for people to be disappointed and confused.
i see. i know how you feel.
that is a really bad thing. just give yourself time to decompress, it will make you feel more comfortable.
you cannot control the bad feelings anymore, there cannot be an apology.
it seems like you were waiting for the right time for some kind of commitment. you should really understand the consequences of not going to have a relationship that will last for years to come - no one will love you like you would any day, it will be your fault. you had the right to think that way
perhaps you should watch a documentary about love and happiness. maybe you will find someone who loves you more. is that possible?
when the good times come, try to think of the good things in the life you can have left in the past. you will find a path to find joy.
i get it, the pandemic has brought out so much pressure on many of us. do you want to tell me more?
i am sorry to hear that. can you talk about your problems in any way. do you have any friends or family there that you can confide in so you can discuss your concerns?
and do you work at any grocery stores due to covid and kehe?
i understand how stressful you are, i think there are a lot of people in danger right now, but there are resources out there that would help you out.
you need to talk to your boss and explain your position.
i can totally relate to your feelings. have you tried communicating with your coworkers? these companies are the best for you!
that is a really strong statement! you are doing your best and don't feel like the expendable cog that you are making a profit if you not show up for work and make quotas.
did you ever try applying to any other companies? they might offer a different position and a different manager if you are successful getting a job.
there can be many types of jobs available without any management. i have been there myself and find work where i put my heart and soul into trying hard.
it's hard, but you are sure you can do it. or maybe you should consult a supervisor who can help out with your situation.
do you live in the county?
also, it is very hard in your country to work as hard as i do in the warehouse.
have a beautiful day!
hi, how are you being today? have you been feeling good as lately?
hello that's upsetting. my goodness. you don't like him. what seems upsetting your son? i've been thinking it may be that your boyfriend is not like him when i was having a serious relationship with him.
i feel very bad for your son. i am sure your boyfriend does not like you either and i am sorry you are feeling this way. how long has your son been in home? i am afraid that they are moving back to nyc after years of being apart in ny c.
also, have you tried speaking to him about this situation and seeing if he can understand what you are feeling?
it sounds like your son is frustrated about the pandemic and his treatment is making him hard to be around and it has caused him to be angry.
perhaps you could try trying to find him some therapy that is consistent with his regular therapy in order to calm him and make him stop being upset and take the anger out on you.
i went to a therapist a few times last month for nyc bullying. she was never responsive to my suggestions except to make a list of problems so i can understand where your concerned.
have you even considered asking him to start getting counseling every day to help with his anger?
i can understand your concern about your boyfriend not allowing your son to end the relationship.
the fact that you talked to him about it shows how you are there for your son and what he wants.
thank you. have a calm talk with your son and tell him you love him and want him to get better fast. maybe you can set a time limit and he can finally see your new best friend and you could talk about how you are feeling with your husband and it really will get better.
you too.
hi! how are you today?
oh no, so you can imagine this.
oh wow. i'm sorry to hear that. i know that it's really hard to get over a situation like that.
good. that's a lot to deal with.
sounds hard to lose one connection. that's a big concern, if you're going through this, you don't have anyone in your family to talk to. have you told their family about the betrayal, if not its affecting they your friends, that'll help let you know how worried
i understand. i feel that you are losing your wife due to covid. maybe it may be better to move out before it takes care of you.
that is why it is hard to know what your future holds if we are only seeing this one person at a time.
well, what do you do to get through this?
well try to try to think about all the positive aspects right. i want you to find happiness in your life. not taking the time you need to become happy is a great way to release negative energy and release the negative thought.
yeah, so many people are very down about something this time of year. do you like your job to do it but still not meet new people?
it's ok to break stuff down too to ease the stress. it is okay to feel some stress sometimes too. a great idea would be to break anything down into small pieces to release that stress. there is already a great deal of stuff out there. even if just taking one step at a time can
you need to get the mental health off of your shoulders and remember that things happen for a reason. it may help to take things in one stride and allow things to build in while your heart heals. for example, exercising for an hour a day or two to take your mind off of the bad aspects of the
you too.
hello how are you doing today?
well, i find it hard. can the jobs provide you with temporary income?
i know it can be difficult when you work a full - time job. i'm sorry to hear that. would you like to talk about it with co - workers?
there are a lot of places out there that will hire you, so you can apply there. you could leave for another job, but it is impossible. does it work out for you?
i was hoping that might help you find work faster. i know the worst, but i think you should keep looking. maybe find someone that you trust, because the work may be flexible.
that sounds like a concern! do you have any friends that have helped you find work?
it sounds like you are very anxious about the situation. i know that it is very difficult to go from a relationship to one, but at the same time it does help to put yourself in a more relaxed mindset.
so if you already have concerns about your feelings around your relationship, let's look into some safety options, like calling a county shelter that has shelter at night. you can also call a local bus shelter that gives you temporary accommodations when you need them.
oh, i mean just two months... do you think he will be able to walk home early if you don't walk home due to all the distance you have traveled?
i understand. i have had work from home and have never paid for an uber ride. you can get your own car, however, the uber is expensive. i think it might make you homeless and drive a lot of miles, though!
well if you really like the uber, that's good to feel grateful about that too. does your employer want you to give you information about the relationship?
did you have something else that was bothering you before talking to him recently? maybe sending a letter or a card to anyone in close contact?
it's unfortunate but they are not enough. if you don't mind me asking and he is not able to change, you could try that option. if not, you'll have to try using different apps in the future which will probably work. i will agree with you on the issue of money
i understand. so that would feel like you're doing your best as you realize the situation and how it affects you personally. is there an app that you download so you can use to provide additional assistance if asked or provided by the relationship?
it's normal. i understand if you are worried about how he will lose his apartment. are you able to talk with him about these feelings and concerns with him?
if you re feeling helpless because it's impacting your future, think about your past, how you felt in your dorm before your relationship ever began. this will make you feel more comfortable in this new environment. it may take time for your relationship to calm down and you can be more candid if you want to
ok i'm sure it's understandable to be concerned about that. my goodness those things are difficult and the only way you can change is by becoming more proactive and better prepared. hopefully this all turns out to be a positive thing for you and others in the relationship.
i feel the same way about you, i've felt the same at one point or another after the first time i helped someone financially though i don't know what led up to this. do you feel comfortable with sharing your struggles with him?
that's definitely one way to look at things. there is also the family situation right now, without a home. we are all in crisis and we are constantly in it so you are the only one who knows what to do to deal with this.
i understand completely that it sounds like you may feel helpless if you had little to help but support him financially. does this sound right?
i think that we are all used to it.
that's very understandable, it's such a difficult situation and i completely sympathize with you. are you looking for other assistance?
yes its hard to be far away from him at all. it also sucks to be so close with a person like him.
you are very welcome, thank you for chatting with me. do you still have any other hobbies?
i see. so, it may be as though you just had too much on your plate, but i think that you were thinking about your own problems from your own perspective.
what about getting a facetime buddy? they always seem to be really helpful. so you have thought that maybe it's just him being anxious or looking down? maybe they're really helpful in finding out about something else?
i completely understand that. i also have a hard time finding a good fit for myself and my husband ( i do not know if they have a good relationship though ).
the real relationship thing is physical, and the physical appearance is such a positive thing, but you could still engage in physical activity with him.
you are clearly not interested in being romantic at the moment, you think you're being selfish enough, but then again, you and your partner tend to be the two of you, so both of you are ready to try and be the romantic.
you need to think about whether or not he will be open to any of this. that does sound like a great plan : ) you both deserve to be in one piece.
when you are comfortable with being home, it would be ideal for him to invite you out on the weekend so you can get acquainted with him and try to remember his feelings.
that's obviously difficult right now, even if he still wants to propose and do something to impress you, have another discussion with your girlfriends?
well it seems like financial stress has really gotten the best of you too. are you seeing a professional counselor? i mean a health counselor?
but if you ask him how are you feeling without him?
and then there is the good news, you are not alone when things get worse, you could be in this position and be applying for unemployment but at the same time get a fair degree if there is a job out there who you dont want to lose.
i understand this is a very stressful time for employers as well : (.
hello. how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. why do you think you are sad?
it seems you're feeling anxious about this. why do your friends withhold you from any sort of interaction?
i'm sorry. i've been there, and to be honest.
i understand. do you feel like there is a reason for them to dislike you?
i think you do a great job communicating but you have few people that you can confide in, you enjoy talking to them. do you feel lonely because of the pandemic?
yes trying to engage with those who are connected with you means focusing on yourself and trying to find your sense of who you are. or letting some special someone in your life know you is there for you.
you can do more of that, i think that might be helping as well. there are some free programs available online.
i am glad your news are out.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. are you able to tell me what happened since?
i'm sure there will be some good news to come from all of us. is there your loss of beloved family? you seem concerned about your good friends, may not have an opportunity to see them yet but at least now your friend is back on your support system.
do you ever have any other kind of hobby?. if you can do that, maybe you should do a study, or perhaps just do some crafts together?
you don't really need them. it's a fact. i feel like the pandemic is really depressing, especially since there are no schools or colleges to help with education until that changes. i do understand your concerns somewhat. how old are you?
sometimes you need to do things to prepare for when the virus returns.
i am very glad. i think it is good that you are trying to help. maybe you can check into local churches or churches who will offer assistance, and a tutor for older people who may need it.
you have done a great job! i hope it will get better soon. i have a great deal of support and hope you get through this tough time.
it may get better? may i suggest that you have help from other people. you too, you should be able to stay strong. you will get through this : )
hello, how can i help you today?
ah, is there some situation or specific behavior that is contributing to this stressedness?
i see. i'm sorry to hear that. that is really sad and makes me feel bad about your friend. are you sure she is not aware of these feelings?
i understand how you feel. do you think if you tried to talk to her you would be able to see that you are having feelings for her in the same way.
maybe you should look into taking things slow and see if she responds to your suggestions. you can show her some of your hurt in person and she will be able to respond with compassion if you want to.
i think you should be upfront with her about your feelings and the relationship. tell her that you are really close to her and you want to see her change and accept her as she is. perhaps you can get more into who she is, get your attention off of her and let her know that you care about
i have always had an insatiable urge to meet new people, but I also had problems finding romantic partners because i didn't know if they were my friends or if they just wanted to go to a wedding. I guess the pandemic has forced you to learn to trust someone just like you and not
i recommend making new friends of your own or even just reading and doing random things. you can find people with similar interests.
no i am glad to hear that. are you able to connect on social media or are you willing to be patient?
the best of luck!
hi, how are you doing today?
i see. you are trying to lose weight but so far you haven't lost a single pound. do you think it is due to the lack of sunlight? the food is nice and there's no harm in trying to lighten your fat.
do you have a friend who does keto?
it seems like you have been doing a lot of research to find the right diet to lose weight. so you are trying hard with no success?
that is a good idea.
how many different diet methods are you trying? in addition they might offer advice about how to avoid obesity.
that is very painful. i have had trouble losing weight before.
i think it's great that you are thinking about a fun activity around the house with the kids to help offset your added stress on your shoulders. if you don't have a gym to look after the kids, there are plenty of programs that will help you have that way to lose weight.
it sounds like you're very motivated to get to this goal and you are trying your best. i am sure you could do it!
no, you're not overdoing it. it sounds like you feel like you are being put undervalued.
do you like going to the local waterpark?
thank you! you too!
i can understand why you are sad. what happened yesterday?
that sounds sad, so you've been feeling sad for 5 years now?
have you reached out to people who you have known for five years before?
how were you able to give someone your love? it did happen in the wrong way. but what you did was the right thing. trust me, that's a huge mistake. do you think the good part of it had been wasted upon her?
but you gave your all, you deserve to be happy with yourself, it took a long time.
i believe you gave your best, the best thing to do is to take your time. maybe one day at a time you will feel better. time in your life, things move very quickly, and you deserve to be with someone good. i think you did the right thing. and try and be patient with
i've heard it happened before. it was like you gave up your whole life and she cheated on you.
have you told your ex about it? she told you about it right after the breakup.
i'm sorry i was split up a few years back. i can think of a lot of good thing you did, it's no good to fall in with someone you don't understand and only want to have your feelings hurt. and that is true, but it is still a beautiful person to
what do you do about it? she won't pick up her phone. i don't blame you, there are things to learn from broken relationships. but please don'T let it get to you.
hi, is there any particular problem that you are concerned about?
it seems like the pandemic has made you anxious, is that correct?
oh no, i think you can do something about it. i have worked in marketing with several companies that had been laid off. i'd also have tried ebay sites that have offered jobs to a variety of potential candidates.
i can see, so it is stressful for you to prepare your resume. when has this happened?
it's normal to be anxious about the possibility of job openings during this pandemic, but for me, all i can do is prepare for it and go from there. do you have any friends you can talk to about this?
you are an excellent person, you definitely qualified. just ask your friend if their employer is closing down, this makes your resume clear.
have you ever looked into casting online? there are some programs that use casting cards and i see that your friends are there to offer help. when it comes to finding work, i see you will do it, you will be successful, you can learn to use casting power, start strong and you will not give
yes, you're right, it will be hard but it will pay. i know you deserve you to be happy. do you work part time because of the pandemic?
wow, you've definitely made a good start and if you take the next steps, the future will be bright with you.
my friend in sales field made a great model for you. she also was willing to pursue her dreams with her background. you are welcome and try your best for this position, it will make you stronger and stronger.
hello, how are you doing today?
from what i understand, you're feeling pretty good? is that correct?
if i understand correctly, you are suffering from guilt due to the corona lockdown, you have a reason for believing that he is, and the coron lockdown is causing you to have problems with the relationship. is he able to travel legally and have regular contact with anyone who you know?
yes. did you have any chances of speaking with him physically about his cheating on you?
yes, especially when you are feeling stressed about things. how is life treating you right now?
i am glad to be able to help you, this has been a very difficult time for myself and others. are your siblings in relationships with someone this close?
when i have been feeling down and down i was told that sometimes yoga could help me and i try to listen to some music while down.
you are very welcome. i hope you enjoy your weekend and stay safe!
no problem, there are therapists and psychologists out there you can talk to! i am glad that you will have some time to talk to them!
what is troubling you to lose your job?
i can imagine how tense this could make you feel.
so that gives you some more time to explain why you are late to the office and why?
i have faced similar situations before. i was fired as well due to being late. it was one of my most difficult experiences so i just tried to explain to my boss how i may not be a valuable employee. have you considered contacting your company or even being laid off to get your own hours?
i think you have a lot of talent and you are a valuable employee!
so you have the right to feel that way. if you are late and you ask what work you work? perhaps it is important that you tell your boss how you work. tell him how you feel about this. i think as long as you work hard, he will respect your efforts but not dismiss you.
we really need to try to do things your way. to me, talking to hr is very useful!
there are some peer support groups that may be able to help ease your anxiety and your concerns about losing your job. i am sure that someone else might approach you that way and offer some advice in case someone else loses their job.
that's good : )
it is normal to feel this way. i also went through some kind of anxiety for a while as well.
thanks for talking and i know it can be hard to find work, but i think you have done your best. stay patient and know you are being valued and you deserved an excellent job. if you have a plan and you can reach out to hr, i am sure the reaction will be positive. good luck
i am going well, how are you?
oh no. i'm sorry to hear that. is there something specific that is bothering you?
i am sorry to hear that. have you sought professional help since you are fearful about your job security and future in general?
are there any work that you can do even if this lockdown lasts long?
i totally understand. you could try to spend that time volunteering at a faith center or community center to express yourself in some way. you can search online and have fun.
you can try to seek out people you know who would understand your emotions.
if i understand you correctly i am sad about this. i hope this help.
yes the books i recommend are mostly scary. the movies that are gonna be released this year are usually scary movies. the books about finding happiness in the good things, the bad things about life make me feel bad but i enjoy reading and the good story.
well i have listened to a lot of documentaries on the pandemic. it is a good show to keep yourself occupied. but watch good fiction.
hello.
i'm so sorry to hear that! is there anything specific going on?
i'm so sorry to hear that. just because the pandemic has been going on forever helps to tell stories about how we got past it and are better now. is there anything you have that you haven't told me?
when you're feeling down, it's natural to be anxious. maybe you could open a dating app or resume search? i'm not sure to try those personally, but it'll help me a lot to get focused on other things.
it seems like you do find your own personal habits helpful..
that's good that you're able to stay connected with friends and family in your city while trying to stay isolated. it must be hard to be home and dependent on people who care about you. are you a nanny?
my apologies for that, but i know it's not an easy thing to accomplish if you wait a year for a job, and you miss school too.
wow so sorry to hear that. is there anything that is bothering you or why you feel the way you feel like, i'm here to listen if i may.
it seems like you are losing someone?
so i am guessing that you are upset about losing someone you cared about.
it is normal to feel down about someone you care about that you care so much about. i would suggest reaching out to a professional grief counselor for help.
is there something you have that you can do with other people? there are groups in your family who offer help, perhaps through mail, a virtual meeting, or by video chat?
you can reach out to other people in your community in case she is affected by your loss. this can provide much relief from the sadness you are feeling by talking to a close friend.
have you tried searching online or seeing private healers? i believe many support groups have programs that help those who care about their loss.
maybe journaling would help too. perhaps journaling in general could do more for you?
thanks for sharing my experience.
i am glad that you are taking some time to yourself to talk to others. i think you are happy about this.
hello, how are you?
hmmm what's going on?. can you elaborate?
oh, that is a very long time. have you felt any tension since?. perhaps he felt threatened to fire you because you are trustworthy?.
i am really sorry to hear this. do you think they are interested in being friends again or have you discussed anything with him regarding the relationship?
i understand how a relationship can be confusing. are you sure that he is still loyal to you?.
it sounds like you are concerned about the possibility of him withdrawing from you..
it could be a good idea to talk out what he is thinking. he might want to keep that connection for a while. it might be better for you to accept the invitation and work out what is going on with him before you decide why you are giving up.
i think if one person wants you to be with him but asks you straight out, then you might have to have to tell him what you know. it might help you to get closure.
i think you will be able to take some time off from the relationship in order to make time for yourself and let things work out for you again.
that's an excellent idea! do you consider getting counselling or anything that might lead you to feel this way? or maybe taking some time off from the dating relationship?
if you did decide you would like to stay with him then i suggest that you try to talk to him straight out before doing anything that makes you feel particularly important.
i think that if you are aware of these benefits you should be able to let them out. sometimes, even if it means talking to someone else, it means letting them know how you feel!
well. is there any way that you've been able to find a way out of this? perhaps there is a way of avoiding meeting him for the time being.
it could be a mutual dislike by him and you are both trying to help someone else.
it seems to me that he is manipulating you in some way and perhaps trying to control you in order to maintain his power over you? have you thought of speaking to him about your feelings and seeing if you don't have feelings for any other person? perhaps he is manipulative, has he not?
i feel that it has always been important for you to show yourself to be honest with yourself before you go anywhere. there's no reason to think that you are being manipulated. you have your rights. just do the facts and assume you cannot trust him.
and do you think that you could forget about him?. of course.
have you been checking online groups of people to join? they might be able to help with that too.
yes i think that it is a very difficult time indeed and i think it is getting more difficult since the current policy is still being enforced.
i do think you need to be strong for yourself and move on.
when he did this he probably had doubts about it and they didn't come to the light in the end. there is no need to be ashamed of it.
what about taking some time off of work or school for now to get your head off of things?
you don't feel guilty about anything - it will happen in time so you don 't feel guilty at all! have a great day.
hello, how may i help you?
i totally understand. do you have friends or family that you have known you know? i am sure this has made you anxious.
it sounds like you are struggling with your studies because you are in your mature position. is that correct?
i can understand that you are feeling stressed. trying to move around and do schoolwork can be the biggest stresser at the time.
i suggested thinking of other things that you want to accomplish this time. perhaps making a list of things you want do, or putting away what you need to do in order to be motivated and get your work done. perhaps putting out your study papers so that you have a plan for yourself to get your grades done
i would suggest doing it only if you felt like this is something you can do. i would start by looking for the resources online if they might help. there are so many websites online to help with free studying.
i understand, you are having trouble with schoolwork. could you suggest sending one or two assignments a week, maybe have your schedule shown you are doing a lot more studying? you could also put in individual assignments for your week. in my case, i might start with one or more activities a week. try
i understand how you could say that you are being silly. it sounds to me like you are really stressing about the situation. do you have any other concerns?
i think you should break it up into small chunks. make it easy to keep things simple. if everyone is working, keep it in a small space.
it took a while, but it will get better.
thank you. you too.
you too.
you are welcome.
hello!. i am so glad to hear.
what's on your mind?
could this be covid? maybe, it could be coming to you from covid or perhaps your close friend has a serious hospitalization.
yes, it is crazy that you are having to deal with her. i am so sorry about your friend nieces, it sounds like she may be suffering from pneumonia. i totally understand how you feel. have you tried any allergy medications?
maybe you can watch her videos online. is there anything else you want to talk about?
i see. you cannot pass it on to your parents : )
do you have a warm house?
yes it's definitely an increased amount of vitamin c, i can feel it getting thicker at a time.
that's great! hopefully it will all be well soon!
thanks!
of course, i used to be shopping in the mall and my mom went shopping in town too.
yes shopping is addictive too. are you considering getting another degree or is it a permanent part of your life?
sometimes buying new things is a waste of time.
so just know there are plenty of cute cute gifts out there too.
i hope the " life thing " will be alright and you can get it. i recommend investing in some small purchases then getting a new one.
that's a really bad thing.
are you in contact with anyone or everyone with high self esteem?
if he can't keep his job he should be happy for work too. he already did not deserve to be unhappy, but he did not just say it but that he wanted to leave you. and he doesn't deserve you because he is unhappy. it is really a shame and is not an excuse
i think you owe him the best of luck is you trust him as you will in the long term.
yeah it is tough but relationships do make you through this. you just have to learn to respect your gut feeling and think about what you said and that you have a right to be unhappy.
i know feeling much worse then you do, and i have been through the same. i know when people feel lonely they are not really the best people to be around. i can only hope that you find happiness in your partner after you have already been together.
are you in the dating scene now and would you want to end the relationship?.
thank you for speaking. maybe your neighbors have friends or relatives who have been through this.
thank you for talking with me today! i wish you all the best for the future : )
hello, how are you feeling today?
i am sorry i am feeling this way. is there any specific cause of the anxiety?
does you have any other means that you are able to help yourself?
i lost my job due to covid this year... i am so sorry you are feeling anxious about this. it sounds like this job loss has affected your planning for christmas.
is there anyone you can ask for help with at your job?
do you think he would be more understanding if you had just lost your job?
i understand. i have worked in this role, but i think it is probably helpful to allow your spouse to talk and see if she is able to understand your feelings. for example, are things quiet on christmas eve? even if she denies you asking for anything, perhaps you should go sit down and talk
i think you could start a vitamin d supplement now. i like to take vitamins when i am feeling sad and depressed. if you're worried about your job, or just how miserable it is out there right now, i hope that in 2021 you will be able to find some kind of happiness again.
if they are good people, you should try those things. also maybe take vitamins, like amazon, which is a great drug to use as a supplement to help prevent depression.
do other people have jobs that they could be able to get to by themselves?
hello, how are you?
oh wow, what color car do you want your wife?
i know how stressful it is, because you have planned to get the a for your wife, you don't want to shock his friends.
so you feel that you did not give permission and are worried about his money being put towards your wife?
i had the same situation before with friends before. the thing is i didn't ask him to borrow from me or my cousin as much, but i asked them if they were still thinking of buying for me and how long ago were i bought the car?
that seems like a good idea to say something positive about the photos and not be too hard on yourself. sometimes people say that that has helped them when they are feeling down right now and they will get mad if they are given the wrong idea about something as a gift for their wife or something.
it can be very easy and awkward to see someone saying things just in passing.
i would suggest you tell your close friend how you feel you should talk to him. it will make your friend more comfortable.
that is good, be nice!
you too you need to end the conversation.
i am sure this will pass and things will be okay.
so i have said goodbye. goodnight. best of luck with your relationship.
that should be a good place to start but if there is nothing else i need you to be done now.
i can relate to that, i have been raised by my grandmother. i can relate too with what you are going through.
i can imagine that would be very hard. do you have any friends your willing to talk to?
that's not good at all, but it is not something that should be the main issue.
are you worried that you don't have the right to say that you did not get into things that he and she are not right?
you could be proud of your loyalty toward each other if you guys guys aren't too rich to be single or have been given more credit!
you should have a conversation with them in person and see who you guys are.
you are not mature. i would recommend to talk to them directly to help them understand your situation. i am sure that they will take the time to understand the situation as honestly as you do to try to figure out what your issues are.
perhaps you could explore your options in person? maybe in person could help to break up the arguments?
i feel you can give some help given the issue.
you have to press quit, i would not want to hear your feelings anymore!
can you please tell me a bit about the exam? how is it affecting you?
i'm sure i understand how you feel. do you do well at the subject or do you feel a little nervous about it? i can help if i can.
i can understand. did you study in a program?
hmm i am sorry to hear that, there could be problems with communication i can imagine.
yes it is ok. it doesn't matter if you ask her. she can do it. she will be your friend and make sure you have the time you need to think about it and help prepare for it.
that's good, you will do alright!
do you have any friends or family you can ask for help with your homework?
the time will come, you know that you can do it!
yes, you need to go sit down and go to sleep, or i know you'll do well, if not you will do okay!
you are sure you will complete your exam and have super comfortable and have no worries.
you too, goodnight!
and if it's just for your sake. thank you for sharing the advice with me today.
hello how are you feeling today? what is bothering you today?
what is the cause? this is caused by your mood.
i had very similar experiences but never heard of any groups that helped ease my depression. sometimes, they just might not be as inclusive as i thought.
i understand this feeling to hear you say, you are feeling down for you depression and feel ashamed because of it. i am not here to judge you.
i can't tell you how embarrasing it is. i have suffered from anxiety for years, so sometimes it may be hard to live regular lives.
from what you wrote? you can try to talk to someone and offer advice on how to live with yourself and how you want to live normally. people have a habit of judging you.
i would invite others to your therapy sessions. it's a pity party on your part. it sounds like you are having an unhealthy dependency on others.
that's my pleasure. if there's nothing else bothering you, your welcome.
i am not going to go into too much detail. have a good day.
there are a few times in my life i get that hard. if it isn't enough is it a problem?
that's understandable. the more information you'd need, the more likely your body is already working towards this.
do you have any family or friends that you could talk to? i am so sorry to hear that.
i can understand that people're upset and confused about this. that's understandable.
it has been awhile since i was working right now. i have found online therapy has helped me so i really appreciate that, it is a great new way to keep busy and help your already depressed self. if you don't feel comfortable talking to anyone close to you, try using meditation. i believe sometimes
i am sorry to hear that. you might want to look into hobbies so that you can explore your talents.
you should look into this. be there for help you through this time. i hope you have fun with your holiday.
we are all better now, but you still have the resources. you can take care of yourself, get fresh air, do work at home. no more stress : )
is there anything else you enjoy doing right now i can help you out?
well, i personally like to cook but don't do it in public, also if you don're allowed to do online shopping, you could find a local cafe.
you too!
hello, how are you feeling today?
are you feeling a little better?
i cannot understand, i have been done that before. why did you fail a test?
yeah i can feel the shame sometimes. let me explain you.
i also studied for exams almost all the time before the test i had a difficult time studying for it.
as soon as you finished you feel better. try to study your studies that you are good to study too.
and if you try you will get better.
no problem. it is important at this time.
well bye : )
hello how are you today? or is there anything you'd like to talk about?
what are the barriers you are facing during this pandemic?
that's tough. it sounds like you feel you are disconnected from your friend that is not trying to participate?
i understand, it's difficult to make friends when you're still on college campus.
i see, at least you feel like such close friends are your biggest reason to keep your distance. may i suggest doing some exercise or just taking walks to take your mind off of the pandemic and your friend / family / problems?
it's okay to feel this way! people are working really hard to keep their distance from each other. so you are depressed but still not completely aware of your shortcomings.
there will be others who will help out. just know what good places you are on the planet to stay, wherever you are - there's plenty of different ones out there.
well, you mentioned the vaccine might be available soon to many people. hey, i'm sure you're more than happy to cooperate, and you'll get a chance to make friends quickly.
yes, maybe it will help to clear your mind and take some time to think more about something you enjoy doing : )
i think you need to be a good fit for a book club because it will hopefully get your mind off of the pandemic.
hello! how are you today?
can you tell me what seems wrong with you?
i hear you talking. they are reporting a lot of applications being rejected due to covid and the pandemic. are you able to apply for various kinds of jobs.
if you search online at first, you might be able to find a few jobs.
i have been looking at job openings before. i always had a hard time finding a job as it was tough for me. does the covid situation have helped you find a job?
i understand. but the fact that you are seeking new opportunities also suggests that you have other interests that you want to work in the future.
sounds like you have plenty of experience working in this field to ensure a good match. i think the best approach to job hunting is to give someone an option to live and work remotely.
i would be really sorry to hear that. the job market is very competitive right now. there are also plenty of job openings on msn, though some are more permanent.
i am sure they often charge less than they initially thought it would be if you went to the job agency and were given a chance to apply. have you considered looking into the unemployment office? or perhaps even an online job site such as zilliman or luke?
i understand. the current situation is terrifying. are you able to look into volunteering, or perhaps volunteering at a local foodbank?
you're welcome and good luck.
hello, sorry to hear that.
maybe try google jobs? what kinds of jobs in your area are you considering?
is there anyone in your area who can talk to you without being overwhelmed with resume?
have you checked on resumes?
yes, and remember to not feel pressured to go to the job boards, it will be okay, there are so many applications at work right now on facebook.
i can understand how long it takes to find a new job. i was in that position for several years until i was laid off. i am glad you did.
do you need a friend?
oh my goodness, i can tell how very stressed you are about that.
does he want to go to school?
i think looking for employment is a great idea,
can you describe why you are stressed?
i apologize to you for that. distance learning in general is not good for your brain.
well have you tried getting an excel book and other resources?
that sounds like a good plan! how many instructors are you sure you can reach out for help?
the same thing happens to me with hearing and i would really like to listen / hear anything else. but my hearing is horrible in other circumstances. it's like a giant maze, you can get out every few seconds to listen and listen.
i've had people who can guide me through complex tasks... can you just ask for help with the mastering. the class is free on amazon.
but even if you aren't sure what you need, i'd be willing to trade in stuff like zoom or zoom for other devices like zoom.
i live in the same place but i can see the difference in looks. even if i had a bigger monitor in my room i wouldn't see the effect.
hi there! how are you doing? i am doing well.
i am doing ok thank you. is there anything bothering you?
yes i am. are you having an interaction with me?
do you think it might've affected your feelings because it has happened in the past maybe?
ah i see. i know it is frustrating for you to think about it sometimes.
if you do that you may be able to find something for future relationship. so you are not speaking to him just to be comforted but really want to get things out of your relationship. are you having any sort of medical issues that may complicate the situation?
i can understand how you feel. there are different perspectives on things and not always the best for you to engage in so-called platonic relationships.
so just to make sure i am understanding you correctly, you are not choosing to end the friendship. if you are in a relationship and want to change your mind you should not be able to change what happened between you.
have a good day.
maybe just listen for a bit.
there are a lot of organisations out there, that could help you to connect and get a handle on things.
i hope you get the sense you are feeling lonely. i wish you the best for the future!
good evening. how are you?
i can tell how anxious you are about something you haven't done in months and can't understand : )
yes, i can imagine how difficult this must feel for you...
i hear you. there are plenty of opportunities to do good in school this year! but i have to say that you deserve something a little higher.
so in that sense you have been doing everything you can to move up in school and get to be an academic success and not fail the test because the outcome did not affect you?
i would never recommend going to a therapist. we're in a very bad time right now, unfortunately we don't have the right funds to afford them. but maybe you can search online for several counselling services.
i think that it is important to give yourself more time to think about the situation and how it is making you feel before approaching things. perhaps it is better than not knowing what you are doing, until i have been able to express how unhappy and stressed that is making me feel. it is just a way of
i can understand. i was very nervous about the situation due to covid and i think that the world is going to get worse with time : ; ) do you wish to talk to people about it?
are you able to leave your house today for work? i am glad you are feeling more better now.
hello! how are you today??
what's going on?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i am really sorry to see that happened. it must be a very hard thing to go through.
do you think you should break up with that friend?
oh no! surely when you look at it, you should consider finding a lawyer now. we all have had our mistakes happen before. maybe a professional will help you.
i would offer to help you in such a way that you can get your money back. i have gone through the same experience and i can tell you are devastated.
but the shelter may be able to provide felines a better habitat.
i know that really should go with legal advice from my friend and make sure you are not sending any kind of false information.
not to worry though you can try to work with a lawyer and see if they can help. i would give you some information that could help you find a good lawyer for you. i understand that you are going through a difficult time right now but you need time to process everything.
are you afraid to face prosecution if you were to give the money back?
hello! how are you doing today?
i'm doing great! is there anything that is troubling you?
i'm sorry to hear that, but i have felt a lot of pressure. does this make you afraid to think about it?
sometimes bad things happen just by giving yourself time. i know your worries are there to help, but you always need to take care of yourself and your medicate.
that sounds like a lovely thing to try! meditation can help so many things! take a nice walk and just take a deep breath before you go down the walk : )
what kind of medication do you use for this?
yes, i understand. are you aware of the problem?
so you are feeling like the red tide is finally over?
you're doing the right thing by focusing on the positives!
did you just do that?
just from chatting you can see why it's not your problem.
if i understand correctly you feel that it was her that was doing this and she not just that, then i am so sad!
i am glad you came out of this situation with respect and confidence. i completely understand that there are people out there that can't control you.
have you tried asking her if she would be willing to try to work to get it back?
yeah, i think that it would be great to approach her with a very firm approach. maybe ask her to think about options that you can use to make sure you have enough money to cover it.
i understand you are anxious about the situation because it is a huge investment, and you would want to be able to repay her. how do you know if the payments will be okay?
do you think that your friend might be upset because she didn't accept the arrangement?
do you think she could possibly be upset about the decision? do you think maybe she felt pressured to trust you in some way and did not give you any reason?
i would recommend talking to her and telling her about the situation then to ask her to come to a meeting where you have been looking for some sort of help. if she did not, i suggest you talk to them individually and see what sort of support you will have. they should not be in that position.
i had a difficult and difficult time regarding the friendship. but you could do what you can to salvage the friendship by talking and holding it accountable. do you have any friends who care about you?
yes, i think it is important that you have a good friend with whom to spend time together. i would rather say goodbye though, just in case she can make the payments on time and has confidence that you will be okay. i am happy to listen i have been able to be of some help. and
hello! how are you today?
i am so sorry to hear that. could you tell me what makes you feel sad today?
how long ago did you graduate?
yes i have experienced the same problems. a lot of my associates have also had a similar problem.
i can understand that and feel your pain but i know your heart with this situation.
i can definitely understand that. having a resume can be hard for you.
that is a hard line and if you go out and put in your CV, you may get another job.
i think your CV is not good. but the resume is the key right now. it is very important to know your skillsets and make sure you are qualified and know the right job market.
just from chatting with you i can see how stressful you would feel.
that is definitely a good start right now try to find some time to develop your skills and resume now.
what are your hobbies?
well just in case i am wrong your graduation ceremony was at least a week earlier than you thought. it was your first time going anywhere.
it was nice to speak with you.
very glad i was able to help you so thank you for talking.
hello, how are you doing today?
no, i haven't had a good night. you seem to be a really intelligent individual.
it sounds like you are extremely frustrated in your situation. was anything specific specific cause of your frustration?
i see. i'm sorry to hear your concern. sometimes job seekers just don't realize how many people are in jeopardy of being taken hostage.
sometimes job seekers will say that they might find you a similar opportunity somewhere else though there are others who are even better. sometimes the employer even has more detail with your resumes than your applications. maybe if you put your resume out there, there are a few resumes that may be just what your needs is
i am very proud of you. if that's the right thing to do, i am sure you can do it.
what are your chances of retaining your previous job and retaining your connection with this position?
thank you again.
are you in touch with any church branches or pastors who might be interested in considering similar opportunities as well.
we are all very obedient..
yeah, don't let your hard work get to you. maybe try to tell people you like them but don 'T give up. just be patient. maybe invite friends who love or trust you and have good fun.
don't look down, you can do the job as long as you do the work. keep your faith.
you do what the right things. keep praying. that is all you need to do.
what other jobs are you interested in?
thank you for your dedication to your work... i am sure you are ready to make a real impact and survive.
is there anyone you are close to that you would like to talk to? that is true.
hello, how are you?
from what we know, sometimes people who are evicted get evicted in that case because they're afraid they will never get their refund given the amount of money gone. i have a friend that was evicted because she was pregnant with twins, also they are in the foreclosure process, but they were trying
and its probably a really hard time to be in your place right now, especially when covid is still going on. it's hard to get employment here even though there are so many programs available available for jobs right now and you have to find one online.
i would also suggest reaching out to your landlord about extending your vacation. just give them time to evaluate how you are prepared. maybe you could talk to your friend or family about this and maybe even a mutual friend or cousin that has been through this for a while.
it's really difficult to go through that. it might be worth going to a food pantry, or a shelter. they could be a great source of support.
it was a long time. i remember the potholes. the people in my dorm were very poor. i would clean up after myself. there were shelter agencies here and they could offer grants to people who were low income. if i was doing really well i would look for grants to improve public health.
i hope that help you have a good thanksgiving!
i've been in a similar situation. i can understand how i feel.
yes, a relationship like that is not healthy. i know that.
yes!
what about being happy or wanting to be together?
okay, i understand your frustration also. how long ago was that? i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried talking with your friend about this?
hello.
i feel bad about this but you should keep trying.
i am glad i could be of some assistance. what is the issue you are asking?
oh ok, sorry to hear that. it is natural to feel down during this time of year. is there anything specific that you are feeling down about?
i understand where you are coming from, it may be difficult to feel alone in the world right now. it seems like you're dealing with an immense amount of uncertainty and anxiety.
i totally understand. i have been in the same situation myself with lots of things going on, but i can't count on any of it ever rising up too fast.
that sounds like a good plan. what about staying hydrated?
no problem, i mean that I am proud of you trying to keep busy and ignore the news.
that's great, many reports say you're doing yoga. exercise is great for your mood.
if i were you I would probably start taking an aspirin, i would take a hot shower every morning and catch a short walk.. and exercise is a great way to reduce stress and prevent any anxiety.
maybe just focusing on getting through a rough patch might help.
some people like to talk about a personal situation, say they never know where to start from, but they know there's a path to healing.
your input helps in helping yourself get to the best possible place possible. sometimes it's a good idea to have more open conversations especially with your husband.
that's great, sometimes it's really helpful to get out in the open to people you trust.
hello.
i heard about that. it seems that a lot of people are feeling down. do you think it is something bothering you?
the stress is always causing problems at work. is it why your boss seems to hate you?
oh yes! can you tell me more about the fact that you have been complaining about your boss?
sometimes it's better to let something go before deciding whether to say something at all again, or disagree. do you think you really resent your boss for that?
i'm sorry to hear that. has his work department seen fault in your work?
i have had a similar situation many times at work as well. i felt like i had to put my head down and sit down with him and see my feelings.
oh - i see. i used to do it as well and i remember being really frustrated sometimes.. but you should talk to him and try to explain your situation. i don't think he will change. i think you should put your feelings aside now if you feel like it's ok to leave
you'll be able to get together with him without being judged by him.
take care. stay safe, its never always the best time to put out your feelings, though. have you discussed things with his secretary and see if she has any ideas for ways that might help you?
hello! i am very good. what seems to be bothering you?
i believe you are being unfairly critical of your friends. have you considered any efforts to support your friends?
it's really hard, and can take a lot to get to someone who is not taking this seriously. i can see how that would make you feel. i know my family is quite understanding and caring but have you tried reaching out to friends about it? may i help you tonight
i have seen a group of social media friends who also have large parties but are not participating in any sort of festivities. do you think they might be a bit concerned? i would like to know what your family is like?
good, this may be a time to check with your friends more about social distancing. its okay to express your frustrations as you feel your friends aren't taking the problem seriously.
that is hard. i think finding something to fight for in your friends can help in a lot. there is also the idea that hanging out with them could save time in your life.
that's so hard. it's hard to be able to say that you're not going? how old are you?
yeah, i see. but in the meantime, you seem to have some respect for your friends, and we all need to continue to stand by our values. are you able to work through some conflicts? or is work something you'd done for your health?
do you think that what you are now doing is choosing to ignore the negative things happening in your life and take this moment where you can truly live for yourself?
do you think perhaps you can tell them that instead of the news circulating that you don't want to see them, that the world seems to be spinning away?
i think i believe you are better off without them. i have also found a few things that works in my favor and that are keeping me from seeing them during the pandemic as well. it sounds like you are doing a great job and want to stay home despite getting covid. even if your house has
what else i can help with today?
i'm glad you feel better today.
what kind of things are you worried that your mother will say?
i understand that. i was in similar position a few years ago when i was also working as well, so money was tight. it's hard to come up with those things while being able to financially support your wife and children. does your relationship go well with this new year present?
yeah, i've also had to struggle with finances during the past year too. there are plenty of people who have found themselves in the same situation, but there are lots of organizations out there and that are very helpful for the more difficult part! are you able to discuss this with your boyfriend or partner?
i can understand that you do not feel good about it, it doesn't help to let the sadness come out and you're feeling angry about it. just be careful in these tough times of year because it is all you can do at the moment to stay positive : )
how are you doing today?
so you are feeling anxious due to the pandemic?
that is a really tough situation to be in, especially now after all this time. do you have someone you can talk to or have someone help you do that?
that's certainly frustrating. have you felt like this since covid is affecting your days?
what about getting a little bit more exercise outside? i know it is hard for me to stay focused and active... but its such great for your mental health.
it can take a while to work out, but that's not really an issue at all. i'm still working out and working on myself. i believe starting to really set goals, because you always get things done you could be proud of, might help to take a break from work for awhile
if your body will not allow you to, it will grow accustomed to doing this. you will be able to function a bit better again with your mental health. no need to rush into these goals, i'm confident you can do it, i know you will get through this. i will look forward
its a great point, one of those things i really love about adventuring is that there's so much time.. about you being able to enjoy the fruits of your labor! it may help, maybe you should start setting goals for yourself and then work on goals that are actually meaningful, like this,
what about getting outside at night? i mean i'm not really good at it but i'd like to try.
that is a tough time to be in right now. losing hope in what we have so long cherished. the thing about losing your passion is, losing control and replacing it with a passion. you could try walking and biking for a few hours or just a walk once a week. you might never feel the need
hello.
i'm good, what are you surviving.
that sounds very difficult. do you have any insurance at all?
there are lots online sites that offer door dash services, and others that are not paid at all...
that's definitely a huge deal. it's good that they are willing to lend a loan.
if you are applying for job from home then i believe you will be able to make a lot of money by doing door dash and other things you enjoy! i'm sorry to hear that.
you seem very talented, i hope i have been able to be of help. you'll be glad i was able to help you with your work.
hello.
i'm doing well! what can i help you with today?
i am so sorry to hear that this has happened. can you tell me what helped you to break up with her?
wow i am glad i could help you.
so it sounds like you are very upset about her relationship that you are still seeing her as a distant relationship. is that true?
have you been able to talk to her about your feelings on this situation?
you are the best person in the world!
right i had a counselor that helped me deal with my depression and also helped me see a future for myself. just keep focused on myself and take care of yourself. you already are the best you can be, now make the effort to get back out to your family.
you did so well and you are strong. you did some healing activities that will help you as well.
yes! good christmas to you and i hope everything goes well with you.
hi how are you?
you need to leave.
i am in southern united states, is that correct? are you in the carolina?
oh, yeah. it is late, but i am glad that you are doing ok. you tell me more about your worries.
oh,. i am you? good for what?
i am still doing my research but it is helping me relax and take my mind off what i have been doing.
oh, okay. can you explain.
have you tried social media?
so you hate dating again?
yes, i do like all the things that give me joy.
that hurt.
hi there! how are you doing? are you there?
how would you like to tell me more.
what is on your mind?
maybe you should prepare a preparation plan, then you can see if you have enough credit.
if i know you correctly, you are worried if you fail your due date and if you don't do your due diligence, then it's not worth it.
oh! i am glad i can help! my best advice is to make time in a certain spot to meditate.
so you are worried you won't be motivated enough and will struggle to complete the program?
when i do meditate, i try to concentrate on positive thoughts, or just think of positive things. i like to stay awake when i am in the mood for the day and listen to music or tv, i like doing that too.
are you able to work on your studies if you're not able to complete them?
it's terrible to hear that, i am sure you need assistance paying the bills at this time of year.
are you looking for a new job?
this is a very difficult situation to go through but i think you should be thankful and take care of yourself.
maybe it is time to try to find something you like more and find something to do to feel you are better.
i've tried many different techniques to calm myself down.
i know that it can be hard to find a job, but keep working harder, and keep giving yourself time, and remember to remember that you are going to be able to succeed.
yes, there are other jobs out there that might benefit you as well.
yes, job searches and search services can help to help you out in a job search too. in addition, many employment agencies have hired experts to help with resumes and cover letters, email newsletters, etc.
yes, i noticed it is easier for you to take it upon yourself to search for work. do you think it has helped to take the pressure off?
so i hope you feel better soon.
well i can understand why you would feel that way.
you were not doing the right thing when he hit you and did this.
i can understand, but have you been able to express your feelings to anyone you trust? it hurt and helps to tell people you have had an unhappy relationship because they are not the ones who should be treated the way you are.
it has been very difficult for you. can i suggest that you talk to him for a while?.
no i had no idea what to think about that. my parents was in that position and i know how unhappy they were.
maybe you should see a movie night or something like that now to get your mind off of it.
is there any movie night / group nights you could attend? perhaps you could do movies and have a candlelit meal with them together?
you are obviously a great student. that would make you much more motivated.
from what i have seen, if you put on the effort to keep looking forward then you can start looking into something that you enjoy again!
that's a terrible thing to do. do you think that it is better to say this than to talk with him so much?
sometimes a diagnosis can make people feel more good about themselves. i think that most people will take therapy very soon.
the problem could be addressed with friends. do you have any other friends to talk to?
oh i see, that sounds so awful. it is very difficult to move on from something we do not know. does that sound right to me?
i think that is the best way to improve your social standing.
i hope it works out somehow for you and you have the feeling that it will - someday - work out whether or not that will be the case.
hi, how are you doing today?
i am really sorry i am having these feelings. do you want to talk about them?
if you like, how long have you been home?
yeah that is a difficult feeling to deal with, but there are plenty of resources out there for you.
i am sure that you will find something that will help you and that you are willing to try this so you feel that you have found something and are having a good day at the situation. can you press quit first and take the survey? i know it's very tempting to find someone that shares your personal
i personally like zoom parties so we might be able to give them really good vibes.
yes, zoom is a great idea! i really hope you are feeling better now! how's it going with you?
i hope that it helps you and you look forward to spending more time with people you care about.
if that is the case, get together with friends and take a few minutes for yourself... try some virtual zoom dates together.
hello. how are you today?
oh i'm so sorry to hear that. what happened?
that really is tough! are you really worried about your chances of not applying for jobs in january? or may they offer new opportunities?
i've been in a similar situation sometimes. i know that it can be daunting, but you can always make it more difficult than you originally thought.
i would never assume there are job openings just looking online. have you tried going online and making different resume.
you could try looking for other agencies until you figure something out that will be better for you. maybe even the restaurant or food bank might open up jobs there also if they have any more openings they could give you some work. or you could look into internet work options.
no i think the best choice is to start looking online.
i can think of some places you could try looking online too it's been so long since i had a job in another state. i think you might be able to call your friend and ask if she can help you go through the job hunt.
have you thought about getting a job out of it? you could get some job at a place like home shopping or maybe a grocery store.
would you consider selling your house and giving back to your friends?
ok i understand so you are concerned about not being able to afford a house. but then you could give it your best shot. you can even try looking through the job boards for jobs that may not open right now.
from what i have seen from my experience you would definitely do not need to bother her.
hello, how are you doing today?.
i have been there sometimes in these times. tell me more about why you feel frustrated?
i can understand why that would be frustrating. covid caused a little confusion before covid was fully implemented.
i completely understand that! are there any ways you are avoiding that school?
ok i completely understand. i have a suggestion by an assistant professor that she might recommend to you in case you are unable to get the assistance you need. she may be able to give you a list of your colleges.
you are more than welcome, i am glad that they are working on your situation! have you thought about talking to your friend or family about the situation? have you spoken to any of your instructors about it?
i understand this is hard to deal with especially with the pandemic. it may also be helpful to take some time and make your phone list.
if that is the case i can feel your frustration now. my friend also talked about her worries and i am sure that that has helped a lot.
how are you doing now?
i think that it is definitely best to just wait it out until you get that notification.
you are so welcome! i hope that things settle down soon and you stay feeling positive.
from what i have heard you are very prepared for the switch to online learning.
so you are concerned about school pressures? what has been preventing you from engaging with your studies?
i can tell from eu'm sharing that it is overwhelming to be working so much at school. it sounds like a lot has been difficult on you due to the last two weeks.
i have seen a lot of studies suggesting taking extra breaks during exams, such as studying for a short break ( 90 min ).
i also recommend reaching out to a trusted friend or family member who has studied together. there are also some counselling services available online.
i tried learning new hobbies that help me manage my own schedule : )
oh so you have managed to get enough sleep, eat healthy foods and drink enough water?
there is definitely some thing that you can do to help you through hard exams. you can also try eating healthy foods at least during the day when everything is challenging.
yes, and it is normal to be upset about an exam you failed for.. sometimes i put a little stress on myself to get myself to study as much as possible. i also put a lot of pressure on myself before an exam. if it is just a matter of time before the final exam, or
it is normal too. you are not necessarily a perfect student. you have an amazing ability to overcome this challenge. you can do it : )
bye.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what makes you so anxious?
yeah, so you have an abundance of paper work yet are anxious about passing the deadline? is this correct?
i'm sure you can find something useful after two weeks! do you have any friends or family you can talk to if you're having similar feelings?
i'm very glad it was helpful if you're willing to give up and take a step back.
thank you for the suggestion! you have to trust me to tell you that it won't affect your graduation grades.
you're very welcome! i hope you feel secure because one day your body will relax enough to focus fully for another day, and you can look into what changes your life could be making to your life. are you ready to take any breaks with your work.
thank you for sharing the importance of getting your work done. time management is important and i hope you can use it to get your research done!
sure, it seems you're working very hard to be careful with distraction.
i'm glad the courses were successful! i hope the next year has been a good year for all of its demands on time management and management.
yes of course. a lot of people work hard and need it. i would suggest staying in your room throughout the day and taking a nice break from the distractions. that will help you stay distracted, and help you get your mind around things.
it's interesting when those first two years started to pick up again. I'm not sure which way to go, but i know it's a bad time to be in that situation.
do you have time or energy to spend on other things around the house that you enjoy doing. i know you've experienced a lot of stress from this pandemic.
yes, i see. i really hope you get through this without feeling like you are a failure. : )
yes, with time, things may slow down but you can get right on it.
and also, if there is possible time to study for your exam, you could do a study online.
if i can assist, i hope it help you make the decision to mediate!
hello?
i see. pandemic depression can lead to a lot of isolation, just know that. maybe its time to get together with your grandchildren.
i am very sorry. i have also been experiencing depression as well. it is one of the worst times of my life this year. i hope that you find peace going through these phases of grief.
do you have an opportunity to see your friends on chat channels?.. i've found video streaming to be great for connecting with people in the real world... sometimes it is best to only watch the video chat via camera while staying glued to the wall..
so for instance, your wife likes to maintain contact with your family and friends through social media such as twitter through Skype and text etc. so you have to maintain that distance from your spouse, but that does not change the way you're feeling. it is understandable, however, as long as you treat yourself
if this pandemic does not end soon, it will not end in sight until it is over. have you talked to your wife about this yet?
i think that you value her as well. you do need a place to vent out.
hello, how are you?
that's a tough semester, are you doing ok in school? i am very sorry to hear that.
that's no problem, i'm sorry to hear that. is your grade better than yours?
it can be very easy to give up now. perhaps you can get a letter of recommendation from your parents and give it attention.
are you a student and have a question about the grade? maybe you could try to approach an independent professor to express this issue. maybe if they don't mind giving you feedback or just look for alternative options, you could ask the professor if he really wants to talk about it and maybe a tutor could help
yes, that must be incredibly important to remember for a student. did you get any other help from your friends or family? this may seem difficult to them.
i'm totally sure. have you thought of trying to take anything new after the class? maybe reading a book, taking a short video call, maybe getting a movie night, or even taking a long walk.
they will be very accommodating. if the grade is too low, talk to your advisor or get some advice from other teachers on how to raise the grade. keep trying.
yes, it is scary. but i am also confident that you'll do it!
that's good. take your mind off of that. you sound stressed and want to be done with it at the end of the day, so take the rest of your day and relax.
hello! how are you doing today?
im sorry to hear that i have been feeling depresed before.
is there a reason why your friend have been in love now? you may feel like you have had someone make you feel that way so they aren't cheating on you?
ok well that definitely makes you feel sad. i also know you are doing the right thing though, it seems like you are staying active to keep your partner interested and in yourself.
there are many different ways to have a god relationship in the beginning. being outdoors during a time like this could make your loved ones happy and let you feel fulfilled!
so it's really fun to go for a family vacation. we took about 4 hours in the car. you will get away when you get home from the trip.
ah yes, going on vacations with your lover can really help me stay strong after the relationship end. sometimes you want to be alone, but having fun is something i never thought about before. i also plan to go on jt this week. take out a new hobby or something interesting that will make you feel
i know it's hard, but staying active will help with the end of the relationship.
i had a great idea, you could start to be more involved with your partner. being active gave you a new interest.
when i think about those activities with friends I would think about them as your partner.
you're welcome!
you welcome.
i hope you feel better today!
hello, how can i help you today?
what's bothering you?
no worries i'm sure your job requires regular attendance at work. however i think you will be able to afford the bills i can relate so being without your job would definitely put you in danger.
it sounds like you're upset with the way the people you are talking to have not done their job correctly.
yes thats a tough situation to be in. i know it's frustrating going through that especially during a pandemic. is there an independent family in your community who could help? maybe work full - time or volunteer at a shelter? that might be a good first step.
i think there is some way you could go about doing this as a last resort. i would certainly try contacting a licensed nurse or social worker in your city and request that they do not wear mask for you. they may not be paying as much due to your children's health, and they may already be
i would do the same. maybe even go out and search for a job that requires a lot of commitment from fellow workers. maybe just walk out after a while and see what you can do to better you are situation. maybe it takes a little work for everyone to get back into the same routine that you did
i absolutely get paid vacation but not everyone has it. it is important that you know that you have worked hard to see to a greater likelihood of living in a better place if you are entitled to it. how many other co - workers do you know who are sick and the chances of sleeping in a room will
hello, how are you doing tonight?
so, how are you?
i know what you mean by that?
wow that's really difficult to deal with. my boyfriend is a student and he is paying his way through the semester due to covid.
yes i did take jobs where i could be flexible. so you were able to provide guidance to various groups by yourself? or in the company you were in.
i am sure that many working parents are at this time and are struggling.
so, you are interested in a job that can support both you and your family.
it definitely helps to start small and get some resources you need to maintain your resume. many people find it helpful.
you've always considered a job, but the government doesn't have the money or resources for a full time job. what have you tried? you can take any type of role to be available for you.
i went in my first year. i was doing good with the library and i was very proud of myself for my work. i had no chance to graduate. i wanted to stay in the public library until i felt very confident. when i was finished with college, i went to a school that was open to
yes i did. it was a very challenging job. it really helped me out.
good luck with the job! have you reached out to friends or family member and expressed your interests in a trade school?
yes i suggest taking some good walks and being social.
you are welcome.
hello! how are you doing today?
so that's a very hard situation to deal with for a long time. did you have any interests at all or did the relationship change over time?
i understand that you want the best for you so you will try begging him to come back but he doesn't.
i have had some broken up guys before, i would suggest pushing or saying goodbye to him at least at least until you know you know there is no harm in him giving you the ultimatum, i was in a mess before i broken up with my boyfriend when my boyfriend ended our relationship. i am glad
oh, that sounds like a very strong desire to keep silent and just watch.
that's an alternative approach to try, you can always ask him if he can want you again by showing how upset he is about this and asking him to stop, which might cause him to feel upset again too. but, it might not be a good solution or an effective substitute if you feel unsatisfied
i'm sorry you have to go through what you have done, but that's a conversation that between you.
i can understand how that would make you feel, i am in a small town so i understand where you are coming from, but perhaps you could start with a clear attitude and ask him to meet some of your friends who might love you, so there's some chance that he will come around,
and this is not something that you can ignore, i agree. just because you are dating someone who is not popular doesn't mean you deserve to be treated that way, does mean you want to make it up to him and move on from him?
i can understand your guilt, maybe your parents are too supportive of you to be happy with him to be okay without someone else..
well, what's going on? may i ask where you are going.
that's really sad. is there anything you'd like to talk about or do you have any particular issues? i would be so am i understanding.
this will suck.. i am sorry to hear that, it does bother me..
the only thing i know for sure is the friendship will end, have you not spoken to him since that chat was over?
i think that you should be happy, have some time to think about your self love and how you are going to make it through this.
sounds like you are focused on yourself too much.
i understand. i would do more introspection, but try to stay positive.
yes you can, and also let your friends know you are there and you will make new friends if they allow you to.
yes, it definitely helps! the sun doesnt shine when you get outside, the earth is clear. i would do a little hiking too. it will relieve tension.
hi how are you?
okay, what's going on?
ah yea, that is a lot of stress during exam season.
i know how you feel, i often find myself in a tense mindset. are you considering taking a nap, or doing some exercising?
i learned that it may be a good time to move on from a given job.
i think that are really strong suggestions.
i remember that when i was working in a dead end situation it was about the best way to do a job that allowed me to get out of it. that was to put myself in front of something that i was comfortable with and learn.
do you have any family members or friends that you could talk to about this?
it is a good start. no doubt there are many agencies that can help you get some time back into your previous field.
you gain skills with internet skills and then go back to your previous job to learn another skill.
so you are concerned about your online performance you are not able to complete the job?
i haven't had any luck but i has been on the other side and really enjoyed that job. i would suggest you check with job agencies if you have any experience with the job search.
do they offer any types of resume types you want to apply for?
i like i do in the office as well. i have a ton of experience also in the professional setting.
i would go via linkedin, you may need to apply in any trades that are online so you aren't restricted to your current field?
i could recommend taking classes that you didn't know about which field or field you were interested in going in if you were a professional.
yes that's a good start, the school can offer a lot of courses. just know you are qualified, you can make friends along the way if you need to.
i am on board now and i am hoping the conversation will be helpful to you as well, talk about the last exam and learn how to take all the courses you need to take.
yes i know it is the most recent and i think you are already on your way there and ready to take the test.
i hope that helps you. i think it will be a great exam if you do well and your research is excellent : )
you sound like you have done everything to prepare but that is ok, take care, you need to make sure you are on the right track and there will be things in time but even that is a minor concern, i bet you will make it though.
i am sorry to hear that. how long ago was the incident?.
i can totally understand why that would be.
i know it seems like you are distracted by a few things right now.
that does sound pretty good..
yes in my situation i try to focus on my job and what would best for me. yes maybe if you give yourself time you will see you'll be happier. i think you will be happier and healthier.
i get it. you should not let everything get the best of you.
you are doing all the right things in helping to help yourself through the tough times. are you working?
i can help! i can cook too! i tried to eat normal. i really enjoyed my home too, very healthy.
hi that is good to hear. can you tell me in more detail why you are sad?
oh. i can completely understand how you are feeling. i hear you. is there anything you'd like to talk about yet? anything bothering you this afternoon?
it's frustrating. i understand feeling sad sometimes. do you live in a city?
yes, but sometimes life goes on forever without meaning to. it doesn't bother you. it gives you opportunities to go out and explore new things and you won't regret what you have done.
i can definitely understand the anxiety problem can be very isolating to feel so alone. it is absolutely normal to feel that way. just by looking at things the way you are feeling and not being able to understand it completely, hopefully, you will find more of a reason for your anxiety.
yes, the medication works great for people in general, i found it gave me an incredible amount of satisfaction and really helped me get over my stress and get myself to do things you enjoy now.
so i found a self - help group called a depression group, which helped me not be depressed.. and just started some fun things..
i used to be on antidepressants as well, it was therapeutic for me to try and get all my emotions in control. it was so nice to talk to you again! i know you are feeling really depressed right now, its just natural to feel emotional about the situation. i would suggest looking into seeing a therapist
i've done the same! it helps to be able to get my mind off of things just by looking at the map and seeing where you are going. i think that you might have some options for a new hobby as well or doing something to get you thinking about how things are going now? i am
hi, i am here to listen. how is your day going?
how long have you been feeling this way?
oh i am sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that has been bothering you?
it sounds like the university is trying a lot to keep you busy. i've personally struggled with this too. what's your favorite music?
i completely agree. there is one thing that i found helpful about virtual concerts is that they give you time to do what you like. my favorite thing to do about it was to listen to a variety of music from different genres. have you considered becoming more into the genre?
do you live anywhere near you?
that's great! we will get to hear that later on. that's really nice in retrospect! how long have you been doing it?
that is all well, you are definitely talented! you're welcome : )
hello, how are you!
yeah, that's an awful feeling to have. what made you feel that way? i am sorry, i did something wrong too. i am a lawyer.
so you are angry with your friend for making your friend feel bad? are you feeling anger at your friend because of something he did?
wow that is really hard.. what about your friend? he is a mean person who can make you feel bad for being angry.
i understand now that you are angry about this, did he think you were a little drunk or did you have a bad day?
i completely understand. i am sorry to hear that. friends are the hardest to come by. sometimes it is really best to distance yourself from someone who is not your friend.
i know this must be very hard, but i believe that you will make it through this.
i saw some pictures of some of you from her friends. she could see that she did what she did to you.
i am assuming you are being mature right now, maybe try to confide in him and let her know how you feel and maybe it will change her mind once again.
if you're going to move on from your friend now, then don't give up! trust me, this will be the last time you share your secret.
it's really not worth anything to spill your secret.
do you need any more advice or advice?
you are welcome.
it's my pleasure.
it will be ok to talk until we can be honest with each other.
hi, how are you doing!
oh, so sorry to hear that. are you having problems with your son?
i am very sorry to hear that, that must be really frustrating. is the fight a misunderstanding?
is there any chance of reconciliation as well?
did you have an idea of what you might have done to cause the fight or did you try looking into how he might be avoiding you?
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do when he seems to be behaving like that? do you seek professional help.
it has been awhile since that happened but I had been friends with someone for a lot of years so i would imagine it had be hard not having him talk to you. however once you have been friends for some time it has been mostly positive for you.
yes that could be a good start for him to try to talk to you and get permission to have the conversation as it relates to the situation. do you think there are any ways you could talk through the issue with his girlfriend and explain things?
you could do something really simple than simply be straightforward, tell him that you are sorry that he did not trust you and your affair is not an accident. but then you don't want him to think that you were ignoring him or looking for something else, you deserve to be able to enjoy your life.
you would also like to hear from him that you are interested in the sport and may be able to find a way to move on from this and make a friendship with him better. if that is something you enjoy then you may even consider doing something just a casual walk to your garden or just going for a walk
oh yea that sounds fun and maybe find some other sports you can play.
have you tried to play football at all before this?
not at the moment, it is best for you to stay safe and be hopeful for the future.
i look forward to thanking you for sharing your feelings. it may take a while to get back to being happy because you are doing the best you can.
hi, how are you today? sorry to hear you are having a rough day. is there anything you would like to talk about today? i am here to listen if i can.
if you feel that you are feeling down, is that correct?
do you trust him more? he is obviously not the right person for you, and you know that he is in the wrong. what did you fight about? are you able to talk to him about this situation?
that sounds strange, but it also sounds like you might have found a better place to start when things start going bad. maybe a new hobby and friends will help?
i am sorry to hear it. did you see things coming and could you think that this was a fight between you and him but you do not have the time or financial understanding where they are coming from?
well, i know how it must be to you, but maybe if you get yourself out of the fight first, you will want to work through the emotions.
wow, do you feel like it may be time for reflection, or maybe a small break off from the relationship and a new start in your life?
you could try that for personal.
hmm, do you know that the oils on your hands and skin have been helping?
yes, i do not hate incense either, but i do prefer natural incense if not mixed with something else.
not a problem. i have read so much about incense burning kits. i believe that that it could give you valuable perspective.
i usually find myself writing my thoughts down to journal them out and then try to compose them into a journal.
i had one of the fights and i felt betrayed when i let my partner know that I cared and cared for their gifts.
i can see that this situation cannot last forever!
take some time for yourself... take some time to yourself.
your ex is a very angry person so you can feel responsible for him.
i agree. it's important to take some time to breathe. i suggest talking to your partner first if you're feeling this way.
i understand that you have regretting a relationship that your partner didn't want you to be in. would your partner want to talk about it with you right now?
is it still possible to have arguments that have lasted two years, after you get past the fights?
and it does not just end the relationship, it feels like he has left you and not spoken about it completely?
you can tell that this is in your blood, because it does not change anything, and.
hello, how are you feeling today?
if i am being honest, i understand how upsetting it makes you at the moment. it is a difficult time sometimes to deal with these emotions.
of course, how are you feeling right now?
yes that is awful, so i understand how angry you feel. you would be feeling very relieved if your job was at least considered.
that is a tough one at that. i've been through similar stuff before and am sure it will make you rich.
i'm sorry those aren't ideal options. i know sometimes it is better just not to stress about it.
i understand the situation. i've worked at other industries because i had to take part in job applications even though i wasn't hired.
it's okay, you could try to look into another job that may allow you to go to a different manager or something that might be more productive. we've all been through that lately. it seems like you are doing a great job job!
i would even do what you say. see if you put all the pieces together!
hello, how can i help you today?
oh well don't worry i am here to support you. how did the stressful time end?
i know that you are feeling anxious about a relationship that seems to be going on behind your backs but i think you have the right to feel nervous about it.
how long were they together? have they been in different jobs? or friends?
i'm glad i had some help. what is making you worry about them?
so your boyfriend was talking to your girlfriend or a close friend about it and you said he was telling you that just to protect you?
oh thats a brene brown. this is my favorite term. i've had a friend of mine talk about it and she was very positive about it. and did she tell you she used to talk about brene Brown with her boyfriend?
can you talk to brene brown? she can help you deal with doubts about finding love and vunerability online. she is also a speaker at a school helping people overcome anxieties.
ah! well you have probably found someone who can use some of this energy to overcome your shame. you have been betrayed for a long time. what do you believe it is you that has done?
i think i hear you. have you talked to brene brown about how she feels?
wow i think it's so true : ) and maybe learning to trust people is the key to overcoming doubts. that means knowing someone's flaws.
you seem to be ready and willing to move mountains in this pandemic.
hello, how may i help you today?
oh i can see why you feel hopeless about your situation. did they cancel your employment due to covid?
yeah i'm sorry to hear that. i can personally relate to having to find temporary employment due to covid. even if you find one very quickly, there will be plenty of opportunities to apply to a job. if you're interested in applying to a company that will offer you work, maybe try
oh well, you have to know the rules of this thing so you can try it. some job agencies offer work from home applications for people of all ages, but you need to be able to speak to someone who may be ableto help you find employment or services from local agencies about your situation. what are
i understand that and if you have a short term disability or job you can take advantage of that service. just to say i sympathise with you, do you have family or friends in your area?
i just can understand being in the small town and seeing you interact with people can put you in a really difficult situation. maybe you could set up a work schedule with friends or family and get the job where you want it. see if you can find some new interest in the local food pantry?
thanks, i hope so. also do you have any issues or interests which the others are looking at?
bye.
hello! how are you doing?
well how long have you been feeling down?
when was your last job?
i understand. you are feeling worthless because you are getting by because you have tried so hard and you are afraid to go to work..
that sounds really hard. i think with the right mindset all work will be paid well by the country.
i feel this way i am being honest and taking everything in stride from a start : ) do you have any family yet?
it was hard, maybe take some time to work through this, but not quit the job just go for it.
when you try some jobs you will find you are going to be good though you have to be patient and try to apply yourself for them.
i can see how that happens to you.
i have tried meditation and yoga which helped me. it is a wonderful program.
yes, i am just going to ask you that, do you have someone you can talk to for help with your depression?
i use mindfulness, you need to stay in focus and calm your mind.
hello how are you doing at the moment?
is there anything specific cause for sadness?
i can understand how that can feel. this is your first time in this situation.. have you tried to get the feeling you know you could be better off with your girlfriend? they can be very hard.
oh ok, do you still have contact with her after that? it must be hard.. do you live without them?
i can understand that being involved in a relationship can be disheartening. i have had been in the same positions and it has been hard to move on from it.
we should do some deep breathing. it will help you to let go. meditation has been helpful for me during my break ups too.
have you thought about taking a walk on a nature reserve? sometimes going for walks can help with the mind and body. if your body is still a little weak, it can help to take a minute and look into different kinds of trees. or trees you really enjoy, some trees are beautiful ;
i have heard that with time and distance, you build up your strength for the work you need to do to move forward.
i can see how your depression would be very hard to deal with. are you in any other way, i would suggest talking to a professional counselor or therapist who may be able to help with this issue?
do you see this as a mutual breakup?
you will be okay. maybe you should focus on something else. have you talked to your ex about it?
has anything happened today?
so you are feeling a bit down from something? can you explain to me more about it?
yeah that's a long time to pay for. i'm sorry i haven't heard about the service yet, but maybe by the time you get ready to give the money you are going to find it, you'll get your pay : )
no i am okay. is there anything that you want to talk about?
how long ago did this happen? it may be affecting your income too? maybe find a job that gives you a break from the strain.
the problem's very real i can feel your sense of depression. how long have you been dealing with your siblings?
i can relate to that, maybe the caseworker may have been able to help you and could maybe be able to provide you with a little support if you try to help yourself.
you are the super optimist and i wish you the best of luck and remember you have a roof over your head. i hope you make good use of time to get some exercise.
well i suggest you take some time to get yourself healthy if it will benefit you. i think you should take care of yourself and if there is nothing else, you should consider a hobby.
i think that would be amazing!
i think you should publish this first. it sounds like it might be the year to give yourself a lot of leeway.
i promise to be good!
i was happy to listen and be able to help asap.
hi how are you doing?
oh. what do you think?
are you concerned about your business going into bankruptcy?
i totally understand your fear. life is really hard right now but you might have some good days left. if you do make it through it you can always try to take some extra cash during christmas or whatever is right now. it seems to me the worst is the long run, but i do still think
i think the best way to cope with things right now is to try to figure out what is causing everything to be in bad shape. i find a lot of companies to invest in fresh air or make new products ( have you tried using Google to track down a new idea?
do you shop online?
of course! i am glad to hear it, i am really proud of my dedication.
