hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
okay. so you are stressed about what to do during the holidays? is that correct?
okay. so you feel like you have no choice but to live at home? is that correct?
i understand. i have been in a similar situation where my parents are constantly running into each other and i don't have a car to get around. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that. i know it's hard but i know you can make it through it!
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm glad that you are bringing your hamster home with you. i know it's hard to bring home a hamster when covid - 19 is going on but i think you can do it!
i'm glad i was able to be of some help to you and i wish you the best of luck.
i'm glad to hear that! i think you will be able to bring your hamster home with you!
you're welcome! i wish you all the best in the future!
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am tom, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that you are losing your job due to covid.
okay, so you feel that you are losing your job due to the pandemic?
i think it is a good time to talk to your boss about your situation.
i believe in you, don't give up your confidence.
that's a good way to stay positive. you have to try to stay away from the stress of losing your job.
i believe in god.
you're welcome.
you are welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i see. so you feel as though you don't have any friends at all? i'm sorry to hear that. is that correct?
i see. do you have any close family members that you can confide in?
i'm sorry to hear that. there are a lot of apps out there that you can use to find close friends. i've never heard of any of them but i'm sure they are useful for people going through a hard time.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i'm glad that you are able to meet up with people who are close to you and share a lot of interests with you. do you have any family members that you can confide in?
i think that's a really important thing to do. i think it's important to be able to connect with people in your town! people close by!
i think it's a great idea to take the time to actually meet people in person first. you can learn how to interact with people online first, and then when you feel comfortable enough with them you can meet up with them in person. that way you won't have to worry about being awkward.
you're welcome! i hope you have a great day!
hello, how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you think your girlfriend may be cheating on you?
it sounds like you're feeling ashamed of your actions because you suspect she may be cheating. is that correct?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you were having a hard time dealing with the issue of whether or not she is cheating.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation.
i'm so sorry to hear that. it seems like you're having a hard time accepting that she's texting and not communicating. i'm sure you've been through a lot.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation myself. i think you should tell her that you don't think she is cheating and that you haven't approached her about it because you're scared she will leave and you'll be a laughing stock.
i think you should talk to her about it. i don't think that's the best thing to do. i think talking to her should be the first step in addressing your suspicions.
i'm glad i could be of some help. i wish you the best of luck in the future.
i completely understand how you feel. i have been in relationships where i feel as though i've valued the wrong things but have found that the right things don't mean the best things. i think you need to be honest with yourself and let her know that you feel that you are valuing the
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that is stressing you out?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about it?
i am glad to hear that, i am sure you will be able to get through this.
i am glad i was able to help!
i am sorry to hear that. have you considered taking a break from school to take some time off?
i think you should take a break from your studies and take some time to think about the things you want to do.
that's a good idea.
i see. i think you are doing your best and you need to do your best. it's important to take care of yourself.
i think you should have a regular workout routine.
you are very welcome, i am glad i was able to help you. i wish you all the best in your future.
you are very welcome! i am glad i was able to help!
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
it sounds like your friends are trying to shame you for not donating enough to charity. is that correct?
i am sorry to hear that, covid - 19 has really taken its toll on many people. do you have any family or friends that you can confide in?
i am sorry to hear that, i am sure that you will be fine.
i think you should talk to them and tell them how you are feeling and let them know how you feel.
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to them about covid - 19?
i used to donate a lot of time to a local non - profit as well. i know its hard right now but i know you can get through this!
i think that is a good idea. i think you are doing the right thing by donating time to the organization.
i think you are doing the right thing to help the non profit.
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to them about your situation?
i think you need to think of other ways to contribute to the non profit.
you are welcome.
you too.
i'm doing well, what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are feeling sad at work because you are being benched at work?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're feeling down at work. is that correct?
i'm sorry to hear that. sometimes it's good to talk to people who are close to you.
i think that's a great idea. i think you could ask your boss or supervisor if there's anything going on at work that you'd like to talk about.
i think it's important to talk to your boss and ask if there's anything going on at your job that you'd like to talk about.
i tried to reach out to people in the office who might be able to help me.
i think that's a great idea! keep pushing and getting good work done.
you're welcome!
i'm glad that you're thinking of it that way!
i'm glad i was able to help!
you're welcome!
you're welcome!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you would like to talk to her about?
i understand how you feel. i would suggest talking to her about your feelings and how you want to move forward but with her you feel sad.
i think you should talk to her about it and see if she is willing to listen to you. i think it would be best to let her know that you are a grown woman and that you want to go far and grow more.
i think it's important to give her a chance and ask if she's listening to you and if she is not listening to her, then you have to ask yourself whether the relationship is worth it.
i'm sorry to hear that. i think it's a good idea to give her a chance and see if she's willing to listen to you.
i think it's best to give her a chance and ask her if she really wants to be with you. if she doesn't want to talk about it then maybe you should try to talk to her about it and see if she's receptive to your suggestions.
that's a very difficult situation to be in. do you think it might help to talk to her about it before you end it?
i think it would be a good idea to give her a chance and see if she will accept you as you are.
you're welcome! i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you today!
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm doing well, thank you. what's going on?
i'm so sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that. the pandemic is really making things difficult for everyone right now.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation.
i'm sure you're able to find a hobby that you enjoy. i know it's hard to stay positive during these times, but i know you can do it!
that's a great idea. i think it's great that you're sharing your skills with your friends.
i think it's a good idea to give it a shot. i think you can do it.
you're welcome! i hope you have a great rest of your day!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that is causing you to feel this way?
i'm sorry to hear that. how long has this been going on?
that's very good that you reached out to a therapist. is there anything else that you'd like to talk about?
that's very good that you are reaching out for help. it's important that you take care of yourself.
i understand how you feel. it's very difficult to go through a long distance relationship with someone who is not your friend. you are doing the very best you can.
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in a similar situation and it can be very difficult to take care of yourself. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
you're very welcome. i'm sure that you will be able to get through this!
i'm sure that you're doing the very best you can.
i think overwatch would be a great way to spend time with your kids.
that's understandable. i've also struggled with focusing in the past. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
it sounds like you're trying very hard to focus. i'm sure that you are doing the very best that you can. i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you.
i've read a lot of fantasy and historical nonfiction.
i've been reading a lot of historical fiction. i also love the chemical garden trilogy. it's one of my favorites.
i've read a lot of fantasy and historical fiction. i've never heard of Lauren destefano. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that. covid has been a very difficult year for everyone. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i think it's a good time to start looking for new books. i think you're going to have a great time.
i think that's a good idea. i hope you have a great rest of your day.
i'm glad to hear that. it's a good time to get out there and take a walk.
i get too stresed when i try to sleep, but i can't sleep because of covid.
you're welcome. i hope you have a good night.
you're welcome. i hope you have a great night.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. is there anything you would like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i can see why that would be upsetting to you.
i can understand how that would be upsetting. i've been in that situation before.
i'm so sorry that happened to you. do you have any idea how much money he has?
i can see why you would be upset about that. have you tried talking to her about it?
i can see how that would make you feel. i am sure that you are doing the right thing by talking to her about it and letting her know that you care about her.
i think you should tell her that you are looking out for her best interests and that you want to help her get her trust back.
i think it would be a good idea to talk to her first and tell her you are concerned about your friendship and that you are willing to help her get rid of him.
you are very welcome.
i am so sorry to hear that. what is causing you to be fearful about your job prospects?
i can tell you are very anxious about your job prospects. have you talked to your employer about this?
it sounds like you are worried about your job security due to the pandemic. is this correct?
it sounds like you are worried about your job prospects because of the current economic climate. do you have any family members or close friends you can talk to about this?
i can understand how that would make you feel. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i know it is a tough time for everyone, but i know you can get through this!
i think that would be a great starting point. i would also try to find a job that will provide you with the same benefits that you are currently looking for.
that sounds like a great idea and i hope you find a job soon.
i think it is a great idea to give it a try and see if you can find something that works for you.
you are very welcome and i wish you the best in the future.
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well thank you, how can i help you?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends that you can confide in?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any family members that you can talk to about this?
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are trying to be supportive and help her with her kids.
i am so sorry to hear that : )
i think you can do it : ) i am sure that you will be able to be there for your friend when she needs to talk : )
i think it's very important to be there for your friend when she needs to talk : )
you are very welcome! i wish you all the best in the future.
hello, how are you doing?
i'm doing well, thank you for asking. what is on your mind?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i understand that. i have also struggled with the online learning experience as well. have you tried taking online classes?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation with online learning. it's a great learning experience.
i understand your frustration. you are missing your friends. what are you doing to get your mind off of it?
that is a good start. i believe we will get back to normal soon.
that's a great idea. i know it's hard to get back into the swing of things.
i understand how you feel. you are missing your friends..
that is a good way to connect with your friends..
i see.. but it's ok to bail on plans.. try to make plans with your friends..
you're welcome..
hello, how are you doing?
i'm doing good. i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
i think you should speak to them and ask why they are making fun about your face being flat.
i think you should tell them that you are handsome and ask why they are making fun about your face being flat as a pan.
i think you should tell them that you are handsome and ask why they are making fun of your face.
i think you should tell them that you don't want to be friends with them because they are making fun of you.
that's a good idea. you can tell them that you are insecure and you don't want to hurt them.
i'm sure you will be okay. don't let it get to you.
you're welcome! i'm sure it will help.
you are very welcome! don't let it get the best of you!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. how long have you been together?
oh, that's not good. do you want to talk to him about it?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried to talk to him about your feelings?
i have tried to talk to my husband about this and it has helped me tremendously. do you have any friends or family you can talk to that you can spend time with?
i am sure you are not the only one who is feeling this way. have you tried talking to your husband about this?
i think it is a good idea to talk to a marriage counselor and see if they can help you.
i think you can do it. i am sure you will find a counselor who will be able to help you with your self - care.
i hope i have been able to be of some help.
i am so sorry to hear that. how can i help you?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i see. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that.
i can understand how you are feeling.
i'm sorry you have to go through this. tell me more about him.
i'm sorry to hear that.
you don't want to over come your stress and depression.
i'm sure you will do it.
that's a great idea.
you are welcome.
you are welcome.
hello, how are you today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what would you like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i have lost a lot of books as well.
i am so sorry to hear that. i have lost a lot of my books as well.
i am sorry to hear that. i have lost a lot of my books as well.
i have been in that position myself. i have also lost a lot of books. have you considered taking up a new hobby?
i would suggest taking some time to look for the books. i think it would be a good idea to try to find the books on amazon.
i can imagine that you are feeling really bad about it.
have you tried to talk to your teachers about the situation?
i think you should take your case to the higher authority in your city.
i am sorry to hear that. i know it is frustrating but i think you can do it.
i think that is a really good idea! you can try to check the CCTV of your room and check around.
you are welcome. i hope that everything goes well.
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you.
you too!
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i see. have you considered looking for a second job to help pay off your debt?
i'm sure you will be able to pay it off soon, but it will be a long time before you are able to do it.
i'm sure that's a great idea and i'm glad that you're doing it!
i'm sure that's a tough situation to be in right now, but i think you can make it through this!
i am sure you will be able to find a new job soon.
yes, you can use these scripts to pay off your debts. you can also use them to pay your bills from mturk.
that's a great idea. i'm sure you will be able to make a lot of money by using mturk. i know it's hard to find work right now, but i know you can make it through this!
i think that's a good choice. i use mts, and it's free and easy to use.
you're welcome!
you too!
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's making you feel stressed?
i can understand that. decluttering can be a challenge. i have been in that position before. i know it can be difficult to find the right place to start.
i see. decluttering can be a great way to get things done.
i think you should start with one room or one room and collect them from all the rooms.
i see! i have found that when i try to declutter my house, i end up jumoing to another thing that i want to do but don't know where to start.
i'm sorry to hear that! decluttering is a great way to get things done. what do you think is making you feel defeated?
i've been in that position myself! i found that when i started decluttering, i found a lot of things i wanted to do to make me feel more positive. i also found that decluttering helped me a lot!
i'm so glad! i hope you have a great day!
i'm glad to hear that! it sounds like you have people that you could reach out to if you need support.
i'm glad to hear that! i wish you all the best!
i think that's a great idea! i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what is causing you to feel depressed?
i'm sorry to hear that. it seems like the days are getting shorter and that's making things worse..
i'm very sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself..
i've had to deal with the same thing in the past. i've tried to get up earlier, get a cup of coffee and a snack before going to school..
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure there are a lot of people who are going through the same thing..
i'm sorry to hear that. i have been in that position myself.
that's true. we can only change ourselves. we just have to take responsibility for ourselves.
i'm sorry to hear that. why are you feeling this way?
i am sorry to hear that. what is making you feel this way?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i can understand how you feel. i have been in that situation myself.
it sounds like you have a lot on your plate and you want to be normal.
i can understand how that would make you feel.
i'm sorry to hear that. i used to be an alcoholic too.
i'm sorry to hear that. i used to workout at les mills but i found a new workout that worked for me.
i'm sorry to hear that.
i'm sorry to hear that.
i'm sorry to hear that.
i'm so sorry to hear that.
hello, how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. how long have you been feeling this way?
i'm glad to hear that. what are your plans for the holidays?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you talked to your father about it?
do you think the pandemic has affected your work life?
i'm sorry to hear that.
i know it's nerve wracking, but i know you can get through it.
i'm sorry to hear that. it's not a good time to be out of work for two weeks.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i am sure he will get the vaccine soon.
that's okay, i can understand how anxious you are. is there any way you could get help from your doctor?
that sounds like a really good plan. i'm sure you will be able to find a way to get through this.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am good. how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what happened?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you want to talk about it?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to her about this?
i can tell that you are a very mature person. i know you will make it through this.
that sounds like a great idea. i wish you the best of luck.
i think you will make it through this!
you are very welcome. i wish you all the best in the future.
you are very welcome. i wish you the best in the future.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what is causing you to feel sad?
i am sorry to hear that. covid has cut your hours at work. how long have you been working?
i am sorry to hear that. i have also been in the same situation. i can understand how hard it can be to be out of the house during this pandemic. have you talked to your co - workers about this?
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in that position before.
i used to be able to go out with friends too, but i didn't want to do that anymore. have you tried talking to your boyfriend about covid?
i think we will get back to the norm soon. i hope you are able to keep that connection.
i am glad to hear that. it sounds like you are trying to find a hobby that you enjoy. do you have any hobbies you enjoy?
i am glad to hear that. i hope that things get better for you soon. i wish you the best of luck.
i am glad to hear that! social media is a great way to connect with new people.
that's a great idea! i am sure you can do it!
i know it's hard, but you can do it!
i'm sorry to hear that. but it's a good idea to do it!
if you use snapchat, you can do the same thing. you can also record the video on youtube.
hello, how are you doing today?
how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like your girlfriend has left you.
that is a long time. how long were you together?
i am sorry to hear that. it must be really hard for you to go through that. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
that sounds really difficult. i think that you deserve to be treated that way. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
i understand how you feel. i have had to deal with the same thing myself. i know how difficult it can be. have you tried talking to your friends about this?
i can see how that would make you feel. have you thought about getting professional help?
i can see how that would make you feel. do you think it would be worth talking to a professional about it?
i think that's a good idea. i think that you should open up to your therapist and let them know how you feel.
i hope i have been able to be of some help to you.
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. why do you feel sad?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i can understand why you feel this way. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i had a friend that had been feeling that way before and she helped me get over it.
that is a great idea! you have to get to know your friends first.
yes, you can do that but you have to stay positive and keep doing things that make you happy.
i have tried yoga but it does not work at all.
have you tried yoga or meditating by yourself?
ok, you can use youtube as your tutor.
yes, you can do it by yourself.
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything that you'd like to talk about?
i am so sorry to hear that. i am sure that you are doing the right thing by seeking help now.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i am glad to hear that. i know it can be scary but i know you can make it through this!
i am glad to hear that you are feeling better about going. i am sure you will find some new friends soon.
you will find that you are not alone : )
you're welcome : )
i am sorry to hear that. what is causing you to be anxious?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in that position myself and i know how anxious it can be to choose wrong. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure you will be able to make it through this! is there anything else i can help you with today?
i can see how that would make you anxious about choosing wrong and boxing yourself into something that you really like.
you are very welcome! i wish you the best of luck!
i have also been in that position. it's great that you care so much about helping others. i am sure that you will be able to make a difference in the lives of others.
you're welcome! have a great day!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. how long have you been looking for a job?
i can understand how that can be frustrating. i have been in a similar situation where my friends are silent and i know how difficult it can be.
i can understand why that would be upsetting. have you spoken to your friends about the situation?
i know it can be hard to find a job at times but i know you can make it through this!
i think you should ask them if you can help them with the rent money and see if they can help you out.
it sounds like you are trying to do things for them in return for the money.
i can see that you are feeling that way and it is not easy to find a job. do you have any friends you can talk to?
i am glad i was able to help you.
i would try to focus more on finding a job and not worry too much about it.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. how long ago did this happen?
i am so sorry to hear that. how long were you together?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i think it's a really difficult time to be in a relationship. do you have anyone you can talk to about it?
i think you're doing the right thing by taking care of yourself..
i'm sure there will be someone else out there for you.
i think you need to get some extra money too..
that's a great idea! i think you're going to be able to make a lot of money in the short term.
i'm sorry to hear that. i can't tell you what to do now though : )
i'm sorry to hear that. i have had a lot of money in the past as well but i think you can make it through this!
i am happy to hear that.
you can make a lot of money by doing mturk : )
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been on tinder before and it was a lot of fun.
you're welcome : ) i'm glad to hear that.
you're welcome : )
hello, how are you?
i see. so you feel that you are presenting yourself well?
i understand. it can be difficult to communicate with others who may not have the same level of knowledge.
i'm glad to hear that. it's great that you are able to share your work with others. it sounds like you have a lot on your plate.
i understand. i have also struggled with scheduling meetings in the past. i know it is difficult, but i think it is important to remember that we are all in the same room and that we all have the same level of expertise.
i would suggest more formal meetings in the office or in a room with everyone else. there is a lot of work to be done.
i hope you have a great holiday season!
hello, how are you doing today?
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in this position myself and i know how stressful it can be.
that is a very good idea. i have been in that position and i know how difficult it can be to get out of it.
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in the same situation as you. have you been able to talk to your friends or family about this?
i can understand how you might feel. i have also found that it helps to take a walk or hike when i am feeling anxious. i also find that taking a deep breath can help to clear my mind.
i am glad to hear that. it is important to remember to take care of yourself in the near future. it's important to keep in mind that you are making good choices and that you will be able to find employment soon.
i would also be open to looking online. there are a lot of options out there.
you are very welcome! i am glad to hear that you are feeling better about your situation. i wish you the best in the future.
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. do you want to talk about it?
i can understand why that would make you angry. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i bet that would be a good place to start. have you tried talking to her about the blow - up?
i can understand how that would make you feel. it's important to be grateful to have your mother.
i can see why you would be upset about it.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you think is causing her to feel this way?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to her about it?
i can relate to this situation. it is hard to get through a difficult situation when you are dealing with someone who is different.
it sounds like you are trying your best to be kind to her but it isn't going to get through.
it sounds like you are trying your best to help her out.
i think it's worth a shot.
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you want to show them that you care and that you support them no matter what they say.
i hope i have been able to be of some help to you.
you are very welcome.
i'm sorry to hear that. how are you feeling right now?
that's so hard. i can relate to that. there are so many different jobs competing for the same job right now.
that's a tough situation to be in, but you can use it as a time to get your resume together.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i think it's a good time to get your resume together.
that's a good idea. i know you're going through a tough time right now. do you have any hobbies that you can work on?
i'm sure you can find one before you lose this one.
it sounds like you're applying for a lot of different jobs. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i'm sure you'll find a job soon!
that's a great idea! i'm an accountant. i've been in that field for a long time.
i'm sure that you will find a job soon!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. i have also been feeling depressed during this pandemic.
i can understand that feeling, i have been in the same situation myself. it is hard to reach out to friends and family when the pandemic is going on.
i understand that. do you have a computer?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm glad you're able to spend time with your extended family.
oh, i'm so sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you can do to take your mind off of it?
you're welcome. i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you. i wish you the best of luck in the future.
that's so true. i think that it's ok to be sad at this time of year, but remember that we're all in this together, and we will come out on the other side.
yes, it's nice to be safe and be around people who are suffering from depression right now. do you live in the country?
you're welcome. i wish you all the best in the future.
you're welcome. i hope you have a wonderful day.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what happened?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i am sorry to hear that. covid is really making things difficult for you right now. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are dealing with a lot right now.
i am glad to hear that. i am glad that you are talking to me. i wish you the best of luck.
i am glad to hear that. i am glad that you have a good support system. i wish you the best of luck.
i am glad i was able to help you. i hope you have a great christmas and stay safe.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what is causing you to feel anxious?
i can relate to that, i have been in a similar situation. have you tried speaking to your professor about your anxiety?
i'm sure you're doing your best to prepare for your exams.
i'm sure you're doing your best to prepare and you'll succeed.
that's a great idea, i know it's hard but i know you can do it!
i'm sure you're doing your best to prepare for your exams.
i understand how you feel, i'm sure you're doing your best to study with her and you don't feel dumb about it.
i'm sure you're doing your best to study with each other and make sure you both provide a benefit to each other while studying.
i'm sure you're doing your best to prepare for your exams.
i'm sure you're able to find your way through this. make sure to take care of yourself first and foremost.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
oh no i am so sorry to hear that. that sounds like you are stressed out about having to move and have trouble sleeping?
it sounds like you have a lot to do before you move. is that correct?
i see. that sounds like a good plan. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm glad to hear that, you have a lot on your plate. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i've read that a warm bath before bed helps to calm your mind down. it's a great idea!
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm glad to hear that, it sounds like you're trying your best to stay positive and focused on the task at hand.
i'm sorry to hear that, i've been in a similar situation myself.
i'm glad i was able to be of some help.
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. how long have you been feeling this way?
it sounds like you are feeling resentful towards your husband for quitting his job and your son for being the reason that he quit his job.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure it's hard to see the positive side of things.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're feeling resentful towards your husband for not being able to provide him with the services he needs.
i'm sure that you're doing your best to take care of yourself, and i'm glad that you are taking the time to exercise. it's important to remember that your son's behavior is not your fault.
i'm sorry to hear that. i know it's hard to keep your emotions separate from what's going on with your husband, but i know you can make the time to do things to support yourself.
that's a great idea! i think it's important to let go of expectations and let him know what you want him to be, and that you are willing to work for what he wants.
i understand that. i also feel guilty for taking time to do things that i like and that are outside of my home, but i know you can do it!
you're very welcome! i'm sure you will be able to get through this!
you're very welcome! i am glad i was able to be of some help.
hello, how are you today?
hello! how are you today?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends that you can talk to about it?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation myself.
i can relate to that. i went through a lot of breakups myself as well and i found that the best way to deal with my feelings was to take a deep breath and focus on the good things in my life.
i think the best thing to do is to let yourself know that you are not alone in this and that you have a lot to be proud of.
i'm sorry to hear that. i know it can be hard to open up, but i think you can do it!
i think you are doing the right thing by opening up to them and asking them to be patient as you learn to better express your feelings.
i think youre already on the right track!
youre welcome. i hope you have a good day!
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you can get back to me soon.
i think that's a great idea! i think you will find a way to open up to others.
i'm glad to hear that. is there anything else i can help you with?
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm doing well, thanks for asking. what's going on?
i am so glad to hear that! what's going on?
it sounds like you are stuck inside trying to make a dime. is that correct?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about it?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation too. i know it's hard but i'm here for you.
i understand how you feel. i'm sorry to hear that. i am here for you.
i think he would be open to talking to you about it..
i think that would be a good way to address the issue. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
that's a good way to say it. don't be afraid to say you're the bigger person.
do you think he would be receptive if you told him what you are saying?
i think it's a good idea to talk to him about it and tell him that you're the bigger person here.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. is he in jail?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in that situation myself.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in prison a few times, and i know how hard it can be to help someone who is addicted. have you ever tried to talk to him about it?
it sounds like you're the first one to intervene. have you ever tried to talk to him about his problems?
i'm sorry to hear that. i know it can be hard to let go of a loved one, but you have to ask god for help.
i know it's very hard to let go of a loved one, but i know you can get through this!
it's a great idea to take time to spend time with your friends and pray for them. you can do that too, it's important to take care of yourself and not let your friends get the best of you.
it's okay to feel like you should be doing something, but you are not. you are doing the right thing.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. i have had curly hair myself and it makes me feel bad.
i'm sorry to hear that. i used to have curly hair too, but i found that it was great for my mental health.
i can see how that would be frustrating. i have curly hair too, but i also have long curly hair.
i'm sorry to hear that, i have been in that position myself. it's hard to find the right product, but i think you can do it!
it sounds like you are trying hard to find the right product, but it is also hard to keep your hair neat, is that correct?
i can see how that would be frustrating, i have been in that position myself..
you are welcome! i am glad to hear that.
i think you need to think of a new style for your hair. i am sure you will be able to find the right one soon.
i know it is hard to find a new hairstyle, but i know you can do it!
i am glad to hear that. i wish you the best of luck!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what is going on?
that's really hard. it's hard to trust someone when you have been with them for so long.
that's really hard. i understand how you feel. i have been in this situation before and i know how hard it can be.
i can understand your feelings, i was in the same situation when i broke my phone and damaged my credit card.
i understand your feelings. i think it's really important to keep yourself busy and keep yourself connected with your family.
i think you need to move on and try to focus on yourself and your family.
i think the best thing to do is to move on from this situation.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well, thank you for asking! is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. what is going on?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you been able to talk to your spouse about this?
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are planning on getting married soon.
i can understand how that would make you feel. have you talked to her about your feelings?
i understand... do you want to move on with your life? or do you feel that you cannot reconcile?
that is understandable. i have been in relationships where i have found that my feelings are valid and i want to move on with my life.
that is a very strong statement. i think that you are taking care of yourself first.
i am so sorry to hear that. i am sure that you are doing the best you can to move forward with your relationship. have you spoken to your spouse about how you feel about this?
you are very welcome. i wish you the best of luck with your future endeavors.
i'm sorry to hear that. i am also trying to make money on mturk and youtube. is there anything else i can help you with?
i'm sorry to hear that. are you able to make money on mturk?
i have been in the same boat. i would try to stay encouraged and stay positive.
i like to stay positive and take care of myself. i try to stay focused on myself and my work.
i am working on a lot of projects right now.
you're welcome, i hope you are feeling better soon.
you're welcome.
hello, how are you doing?
i am so sorry to hear that. i lost a cat a few years ago.
i am so sorry to hear that. i had a cat for 11 years and she died of natural causes.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any close friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i am sorry to hear that you are feeling this way. have you tried talking to friends or family about this loss?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends that you could talk to about this?
i have never played videogames but i have found it helpful to take up a new hobby or new hobby to get your mind off of this difficult time.
i used to be a gamer as well but after my cat passed i was really interested in playing shooters and mmorpg's. it was a lot of fun.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about why you find life hard?
i'm sorry to hear that. shopping is hard especially when stores are picked over. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
i understand. it's a very uncertain time for many people right now. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
it's true, it's hard to know what to expect right now. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
that's a good idea. i have found that focusing on the good things in the world helps me deal with my anxiety and depression. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
yes i think things will get better in the short term. i think you will be able to find what you need in the long term.
it is hard to deal with people who think the country will collapse soon. i'm sorry to hear you are feeling that way. have you tried to talk to friends or family about your feelings?
i'm sure that's a hard thing to deal with. i'm sorry to hear you are feeling this way.
i love mr. rogers'story about looking for the helpers when things go bad.
it sounds like you are having a hard time dealing with your family. do you have any family members that you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that. i know it's hard to deal with people who don't believe.
i've been in that position too. i try to focus on my kids and not worry about the bad things.
i'm so glad to hear that. i wish you the best of luck.
you're welcome.
hi there, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. how long have you been feeling this way?
i can understand how you feel. i have been in a similar situation in the past and i know how difficult it can be to deal with the pandemic.
i am glad to hear that. i am sure you will be able to handle this. it is a tough time right now, but i know you can get through this!
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure you will be able to handle the extra costs of picking up groceries. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i understand. i have also felt the same way. i am glad you are taking care of yourself and staying safe and healthy during this pandemic.
i am sorry to hear that. it has been a very difficult year for everyone.
i have also stopped going out for groceries due to the pandemic.
yes, it can be stressful. i have been in the same situation.
i see, the pandemic has been stressful for many people. have you tried taking a walk in the park or going for a jog?
you are very welcome. i wish you all the best in the future.
yes, it is. are you able to talk to friends or family about this?
it sounds like you are stressed about the situation and are taking a lot of time to do your work.
i am sure you will be able to get through this! the pandemic has really taken its toll on our lives.
you are welcome!
you are welcome! i hope you are able to get through this!
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure you will be able to get through this! is there anything else i can help with?
thank you for sharing! i am sure you will be successful at school!
yes, i know it is hard to do school when we have so much to do. but you can do it!
you too!
you too!
i'm so sorry to hear that. why do you feel that way?
i understand why that would be frustrating. have you spoken to your boss about this?
i can understand how frustrating that can be. have you talked to your co - workers about it?
have you spoken to your hr department about the issue?
i'm sorry you have to deal with this. i have been in this situation myself and it was very frustrating.
i think it's important to continue to advocate for yourself in a positive manner in order to increase your chances of being considered for a promotion.
i think it's important to remember that you are a dedicated worker and you deserve to be respected at a place similar to your work environment.
that's understandable. i think it's important that you continue to seek out opportunities that are similar to your work environment.
you're welcome!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that you are feeling sad and anxious.
i'm sorry to hear that. covid 19 has been hard on many people. do you have any close friends or family that you can talk to about this?
it sounds like covid has really taken its toll on you and your family. i know it can be hard to stay connected when you feel sad and anxious.
i can understand how you are feeling. covid has taken a toll on many people and it is hard to keep up with all of your friends. i am sure you are doing the right thing by reaching out to each other and sharing your stories.
i have also lost my best friend due to covid 19. it was hard for me to get through the grief but i know you will get through this.
it sounds like covid has taken a toll on you and you are dealing with the grief. do you have any friends that you can reach out to for support?
i think you can try to focus on the good memories that you have with your father and not worry about the sleepless nights. i know it can be hard to get through a difficult time but i know you can do it.
that's a tough one to try. it sounds like you have a lot of emotional attachment to your phone. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i hope you have a great night. bye.
i'm sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about it?
i am sorry to hear that. have you been able to interact with anyone outside of your immediate family?
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are suffering from a nerve issue that is causing you to be isolated. is that correct?
i can understand how you feel. i have been in the same situation myself. it's hard to keep in touch with people when the lockdown all first started.
i can understand how you feel. i used to feel the same way as well. but i realized that i don't want to hurt anyone. i just want to be kind to myself.
that's a tough situation to be in. it's been a long time since we have been able to connect with people outside of the home.
i'm glad that you are able to get out and go for walks now. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you'll be able to find a way to communicate with others in a safe way.
i'm glad to hear that. i'm sure you will meet some friends there.
i'm glad i could be of some help.
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself. do you have any other art projects that you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i can understand how you feel, i myself have struggled with the same thing in the past. have you tried taking up a new hobby?
i can see how that would be a challenge for you. do you have any friends or family that you could talk to about this?
i'm glad to hear that. i wish you the best of luck in your future.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am sorry to hear that. have you been feeling lonely since the pandemic began?
i have also been feeling lonely due to the pandemic. i found that reading a good book can be a great stress reliever.
i am sorry to hear that. i have also been feeling lonely due to the pandemic. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy reading?
i think a dog is a great idea. i am sure you will be able to get one soon.
that is a great idea. do you have any hobbies or interests that you would enjoy reading?
i am really sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies that you like to do?
i think things will get back to normal soon. the vaccine will be approved soon.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what is going on?
it sounds like you're feeling overwhelmed by the holiday season and lack of family around. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i can understand why that would be difficult. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i hear you on that. it sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed by the pandemic and the lack of support from your family.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation. are you able to get out of the hotel and spend time with your family?
i think you should try some online dating sites to see if they are still open to you.
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried to talk to your friends or family about this?
yes, loneliness is the hardest part of the year. i know it is hard to keep in touch with your family and friends when you are feeling lonely.
yes, it is. it is important to keep in touch with your family and friends. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
i can see how that would be difficult. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried to schedule some time to spend with your family?
have you considered moving back to virginia? i am sure it will be a good place to live for awhile. do you have any friends you could talk to?
i can understand that. i have been in the same situation myself and it is very difficult to find someone to talk to.
i hear you on that. i think it is really affecting you and your family.
you're welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. how long were you together?
i am sorry to hear that you are feeling down about it.
i can totally understand why you are doubting your decision. i have gone through a similar situation and found that it was the right thing to do.
i am sure you have had a good relationship with your partner and you are trying to improve yourself with him.
i can understand how you are feeling right now. i have been in a similar situation and i have found that the best thing to do is to take some time to focus on yourself and your goals and self - improvement..
i think you need to be honest with yourself about why you are open to something in the future even though you don't know that they are.
i think you are doing what is right for you and the person you are talking to.
you are welcome. i hope you have a great day.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you want to tell me more about it?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to her about it?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to her about it?
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are trying your best to get a new job, but she is still a friend. do you think you can talk to her about it?
i think that would be a great idea. maybe you could talk to her about it and see if she's not treating you the way you want to be treated.
you're welcome. i hope you have a good day.
that's a great idea! i had a similar experience with a coworker a few years ago and it helped me clear it up.
that's a good idea! i think you should try to talk to your boss about it and let them know how you feel about it.
i think it took me about a year to get over it.
hello, how are you doing today?
hi, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation in the past.
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're planning on moving in together next year.
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're feeling betrayed by him.
i'm pretty sure that's not the case. have you spoken to him about it?
it sounds like you're pretty upset about it.
that's really messed up. i've been in that position before. it's been a long time.
i'm sorry to hear that. i know it's hard to get through a time like that, but i know you can do it.
i don't think it's a big deal. i think you're doing the right thing by talking to him.
i think it's important to take care of yourself even though you don't feel like it.
i don't think you'll ever be able to be with someone who treats you the way you want to be treated.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm so sorry to hear that. do you have any reason why she stopped talking to you?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in that situation too. do you have any reason why she stopped talking to you?
i'm so sorry to hear that. have you spoken to her about it?
i'm sure there are a lot of resources out there that you can use.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to your friend about it?
that's understandable. i've found that it's better to be wary of people who don't want to be friends with you.
i'm brene brown. is there anything else i can help you with?
i'm sure it's hard to trust anyone when you're not sure who to trust.
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am a student as well! i am also a student. i am sure you are doing a great job. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i can see how that can be a stressor for you. are you a student or an investor?
i understand that. i have also struggled with depression and anxiety in the past. have you tried to cut out drinking?
that's a good idea. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
it sounds like you are trying to control your drinking by cutting your amount of alcohol consumed in half, but you seem to be doing the right thing! do you think that this is contributing to your anxiety?
i have had a lot of problems with anxiety when i was younger, and i found that the amount of alcohol that i was drinking was significantly lower than what i normally drink. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i can understand that... i have had friends who encouraged me to drink more but i found that if i didn't go out, i ended up drinking a lot more.
i can understand that would be a difficult situation to be in, but i think that it could be a good idea to make sure that you don't give up on the idea of going out.
you too! i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you and i wish you the best of luck!
i am sorry to hear that. why are you sad?
i'm sorry to hear that. how are you doing?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you been able to find work?
i am self employed. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
that sounds like a great idea. do you have any hobbies that you like to do?
that is a great idea.
that sounds like a great idea.
it sounds like you are a good copywriter.
i use linkedin.
i use linkedin and proofreading.
i use linkedin and patreon.
i am a copywriter.
i have a pacemaker.
that is a good idea.
i am still alive.
do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i write short stories about what i have experienced in my life.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm doing well thank you. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. is there anything that you would like to talk about?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you had any problem with coworkers in the past?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in that situation myself. i had agree with them work to do and date to submit it to me but they failed to do so.
i am so sorry to hear that. is there anything that you would like to talk about?
well, i am sorry to hear that. have you been able to talk to any of your coworkers about this?
i think you will get paid if you do not do your best.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you would like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. i lost my job due to covid.
i can understand that. i lost my job due to covid last year. i am sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried to talk to your co - workers about this?
i am sorry to hear that. i am in georgia too.
i am sorry to hear that. i am in georgia right now.
i am in georgia right now. i lost my job due to covid.
i am so sorry to hear that. i am glad you are able to get another job.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried to get unemployment or disability?
i can understand how you feel.
i am sorry to hear that.
that must be very difficult.
you can file a complaint with osha.
you can appeal to osha and seek compensation.
i am sorry to hear that.
do you think it was a mental hospital attack?
i can't go after them because they are incompetent.
i think you should go after them because they are incompetent.
do you have any family members who can help you?
i am sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried any other avenues of recourse?
i think you should go to osha and see if they can provide you with a job.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you want to tell me more about it?
i am sorry to hear that. do you want to tell me what happened?
i am sorry to hear that. have you been able to talk to your girlfriend about it?
i understand your feelings.. is there anything you can do to get over it?
what do you think her mom did to you?
i understand how you are feeling. i have been in the same situation and i can feel how guilty you are.
i think you should talk to her mom and let her know how you feel.
i think you should talk to her mom and tell her how you feel about her.
yes, tell her that you are attracted to her mom and that you want to be with her.
do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. what is going on with your work?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your boss about the situation?
i hope you have a very good year! i wish you all the best!
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you and i wish you all the best in the new year!
i am glad i could be of some help to you.
hello, how are you today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to your brother about the situation?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation where i was forced to contribute to the house to help pay the utilities.
i'm sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation myself. it sounds like you're trying very hard to get out of it. do you have any friends that you could talk to?
i'm sure you're doing everything you can to try and save money and save it up and move out.
that's a really hard situation to be in. i'm sure you're doing everything you can to make it through this!
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you're doing the right thing by talking to him and letting him know how you feel.
i'm sure it's hard to stay afloat when you're trying your best. i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. i would suggest talking to your friends and family about it and letting them know how you are feeling. let them know that you are not alone in this and that you don't want to be in this position.
you're welcome. i'm glad i was able to help.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
i am sorry to hear that. have you talked to him about this?
i am sorry to hear that. have you considered getting some sort of counselling?
i am sorry to hear that. have you considered getting some sort of counselling?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation and i know how difficult it can be to move on from a relationship.
i am sorry to hear that. do you think that it might be time to move on from this relationship?
i think that there are a lot of online counselling sites out there that you can use to find affordable counselling services.
i think that you should ask your dr to recommend a place that will not cost you too much but will be effective.
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you today.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that.
i can understand how confusing that can be.
i totally understand. i used to struggle with online learning too.
i am so sorry to hear that.
i can understand how you are feeling, but try to be positive and take care of yourself.
i'm sorry to hear that, but you can do it.
i can understand your frustration. you are doing your best and you need to take care of yourself.
i hope you find a friend who is willing to help you learn from youtube.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation and i can tell that you are very upset about it.
that is a very tough situation to be in. i am sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your supervisor about this?
oh i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i understand, i have been in situations like that and i know how stressful it can be. i would suggest talking to your supervisor about this and seeing if they will give you the benefit of the doubt.
i understand, but do not let this happen to you. if you don't feel bad about yourself, maybe you can take pictures of the food you deliver and give it to your customer.
i am sorry to hear that. i was in a similar situation in my previous job and i had to learn from my mistakes. have you spoken to your supervisor about this?
that's okay, you are a good worker and deserve to have the reputation that you have built for a long time.
you're welcome, i wish you all the best in your future.
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what is going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any family or friends that you can talk to?
ok. so you feel that you are being deceived by your fiance? is that correct?
i am sorry to hear that, it sounds like you feel betrayed by your partner. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
that sounds like a really hard situation to be in, i know you are feeling betrayed. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i'm so sorry to hear that, i can't imagine how hard it must be for you to feel like this. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that, i know it can be hard to get over a situation like that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i tried to take a few deep breaths to clear my mind. it helped me a lot. i was able to talk to my friends and family about my feelings.
i know it's hard, but i know you can get through this!
that's a great idea! i hope you find a friend to talk to about your feelings, and how you are feeling about your boyfriend.
i'm so glad to hear that! i wish you all the best for the new year!
hello, how are you today?
i am doing well, thank you for asking. is there anything you'd like to discuss?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you would like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. covid - 19 can be hard to deal with. is there any way you can get help from your doctor?
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are dealing with a lot right now. is that correct?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are dealing with a lot right now.
that's great that you are using your time to help others. is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
it sounds like you're trying to find a routine that works for you.
i'm glad to hear that. i think that's a great idea. it's great that you're taking care of yourself and getting your mind off of the pandemic.
you're welcome! i'm glad i was able to be of some help to you!
you're welcome! i'm glad to hear that!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well, what's going on?
i am sorry to hear that. do you want to talk about it?
i am sorry to hear that, i have been in a similar situation myself and it is really hard to move on from this.
i am sorry to hear that, it sounds as though you are not happy with the way he is treating you and your relationship..
i am sorry to hear that. have you spoken to him about it?
that is a very difficult situation to be in, and i think it is important that you talk to him about it and let him know that you are ready to move on from this relationship..
you too!
hello, how are you today?
i see you are having low mood and general depression. can you tell me more about it?
i can understand how you are feeling. have you tried any coping mechanisms to help you get over it?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to your doctor about it?
ok so you worry that you will not be able to get out of bed because of the intensity of your feelings?
i would suggest taking a deep breath and trying to think of the good in your situation.
i think that recognising the problem is the first step in recognising it and recognising that it is a problem.
i understand why you would want to talk to people about it. it's a shame that you don't want to share your problems with anyone.
i think it would be a great idea to reach out to people who care about you and listen to how you are feeling.
i think it is good that you are willing to give it a go.
i think that it would be better to get in touch with your doctor and see if they are able to help you.
i think that it is a good idea to talk to a professional. you should be able to tell them that you don't want to take medication and that you are willing to give it a go.
i think it would be a good idea to talk to your sister about this.
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you and i wish you the best in the future.
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i understand. i have been feeling the same way too. it is important to remember to take care of yourself.
i understand that. i have been feeling the same way for a long time. have you been able to talk to any close friends or family about the pandemic?
i know how hard that can be, but i know you can get through it.
i have been in that position myself, and i know how hard it can be to be away from family during these tough times.
i think you are doing the right thing by arranging a time to spend with your daughter and spending time with him.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are nervous about the future. is that correct?
i've lost my job too, but i didn't lose my job because of covid.
that's a great idea. i had a lot of anxiety about losing my job too.
yes, i use a lot of tools to help me get through this. i have been on unemployment for a while, and i had some savings.
well, i think it might be helpful to take some deep breaths and try to focus on your sleep. it's important to remember that you are not alone in this, and if you're not able to sleep, there are a lot of resources out there that you could use.
i've taken melatonin before, but it's not much of an antidepressant.
i am glad i was able to be of some help to you. i wish you all the best in the future.
you're welcome. i wish you the best of luck with your job search.
you're welcome!
i am sorry to hear that. how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends you can talk to?
i am sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your friends about this?
i can understand how you feel. have you spoken to your friends about this?
i can understand that. i have been in situations where my friends did not like me and didn't want to go.
it sounds like you are feeling abandoned by your friends and you do not want to be part of the group.
i think it would be best to open up to them and let them know you are still free and really want to spend some time together.
i think you are doing the right thing by opening up to them and letting them know how you feel. i think it is important to let them know that you are still free and want to spend time with your friends.
i think you should reach out to them and let them know how you feel.
i'm sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation myself. it sounds like you are feeling lonely and lonely. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
hello, how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
what is the reason you are going to finish school?
i am sorry to hear you are going through this. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
it sounds like you are frustrated and desiring your degree. do you want to get out of the life you are in?
it sounds like you are struggling to find a path.
i am not old to learn. i am in my 60s.
i am sure he is there to help you through this.
i am glad to hear that.
i am sure you will find your purpose in life.
you are welcome.
you are welcome.
i understand how you feel. i am also in my thirties and want to be a doctor.
i am glad i was able to help you.
i am glad i was able to help you.
you are welcome.
hello! how are you doing today?
i can understand how you are feeling. corona has taken its toll on relationships in the past. i have been in a similar situation. i know it can be hard to see your best friend arguing with each other but i know you can do it.
that's a long time to be apart from each other. i'm sorry to hear that. do you want to talk about it with your friends?
i can understand how that would make you feel. i have been in the same situation myself and i know how difficult it can be to forgive a friend. have you spoken to your friends about this?
well, i think you are trying to help your friend, not betray her. do you think your friend knew something of the secret?
i understand. it sounds like you are trying to help your friend and not betray her. is that correct?
i would say to her that you are trying to help her and that you feel betrayed because she did not want to help you.
i would tell her to come to us when she is ready to, but don't let her fall back and let her come to you when she's ready.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm doing well, how can i help you?
i am sorry to hear that. are you having problems with your friends?
i'm sorry to hear that. would you like to tell me more about it?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to your friends about this?
i can totally understand how you are feeling. have you tried to talk to your friends about your concerns?
it sounds like you are having issues with your friends not being there for you emotionally..
that's a great idea! i think it's great that you have someone to talk to about what you are feeling..
i am glad to hear that you are doing something that you enjoy doing. i am sure that you will find a lot of joy in this new year.
you're welcome! i hope you have a great day!
i am so sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. i have had to deal with the loss of my parents too. it sounds like you are dealing with a very difficult situation.
that's a terrible thing to think about. i am sure that you are not alone in feeling this way. it must be difficult to be sad when you are dealing with the loss of a loved one.
oh no, i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
i think that the best thing you can do is move on and move on from this. it's important to remember that you are not alone in feeling this way.
i think it's important to remember that you are still there, you just don't forget about him.
i think that's completely normal and you shouldn't feel guilty for it.
i don't think you should feel guilty for not telling him how you feel.
i think it would have been easier to deal with if he had retired and not had to spend so much time taking care of you.
i'm glad to hear that. i wish you the best of luck.
hello, how are you today?
i'm doing well, thank you. what's bothering you?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation before.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're concerned about your safety and well - being in a situation where you don't have to worry about the safety of your family.
i'm glad that you're able to talk to your principal and explain the situation to your family.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself. i can't imagine how stressful it must be for you to have to deal with this.
i'm glad that you're feeling a little better. i wish you all the best in the future.
you're welcome. i'm glad you're feeling a bit lighter.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or hobbies that you enjoy?
i can understand how you feel, i was in the same situation as you and my wife.
i am glad to hear that. it's a terrible thing to have to deal with. i am glad that you are able to come off it now.
i am in the uk. i can't wait for the elections to be over.
i don't think you are anti - khan at all. it's just a question of how do you feel about it?
i've been anti - khan too. i don't think it's a good idea to give up on the idea of democracy. i'm not sure what the future holds for us, but i think we'll get through this!
i used to be anti - khan too but i've since moved on to something else : d. i don't think it's any more important now than it was when i was in college.
i've been in that position too. it's a terrible time of year to be in this position.
i'm sorry to hear that. i used to be a student in the uk and i had a lot of problems with synthetics.
i've been in a lot of drug shops since i was a teenager.
that's a good way to look at things : )
it's legal to say that you don't have any ties to the uk.
i'm glad i could help : ) i can't wait for the pandemic to pass : )
you too : )
hello, how are you?
i am sorry to hear that, what is on your mind today?
i am sorry to hear that, i am sure you will find a way to get through this!
i think covid has really affected a lot of people right now.
i think covid is definitely a factor.
i am sorry to hear that. covid has caused so much damage to so many people.
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are going through a rough time right now.
that's a great idea. i wish you all the best.
i think you are going to be okay.
i think you are going to make it through this!
i hope i have been able to be of some help to you.
you too, bye.
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything i can help you with today?
oh my gosh! i am so sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about it?
i am sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about it?
that's a tough situation to be in, i've been in a similar situation myself.
that's a tough situation to be in, but i think you are doing the right thing.
that is a long time to be in a situation like that.
i am sorry to hear that, i have been in the same situation myself.
yes, i think you should tell your wife. she might not be too keen on the news.
i understand, i think it's a sad time for all of us. i have been in the accounting business for 5 years and i know how hard it is.
i think you should tell your wife that you are a good accountant and that you have a good resume.
i'm sure that is a tough situation to be in.
i understand how you feel, but i think you should tell your wife that you are spending a lot of money on lotto and that you don't deserve to be out of a job.
i understand how you feel. maybe tell your wife that you are sad and want to move on from this.
i'm sure that's true, i've been in that position myself. i know how hard it can be, but i think you can do it.
i'm sure that's a great idea. it's also a great way to get your mind off of things.
i am glad i was able to help. i hope you have a great day.
i am so sorry to hear that. why do you think you are mad?
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you have been cheated on a lot of times. is that correct?
i think you should beg him back, but i am sure you will be able to convince him that you love him and that you deserve better than he was treating you.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been there too. i think it's important to let your feelings get the best of you. do you want to be with someone else?
i can see how that would make you feel. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been there too.
i think the best thing you can do is take one step at a time and learn from your mistakes.
do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
i think getting a new haircut is a great idea!
i think the best revenge is moving on and looking good and with somebody hot!
i'm so sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation myself. i know how hard it can be to break up with someone.
i am so sorry to hear that. it must be really hard for you to feel that way.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i love going to the movies.
it's okay to feel sad.
i hope you have a great thanksgiving!
you are welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. how did you lose your job?
i am sorry to hear that. how long ago did you lose your job?
oh, i am sorry to hear that. what field did you work in?
oh, i am sorry to hear that. what field are you in?
that is a good choice. i think you should try uber and see what the rules are.
oh i am sure you will get something good soon.
yes i am sure you will get a job soon.
hello, how are you doing?
i am sorry to hear that. what is going on?
it seems you have a lot of problems with your mind and it is making it difficult to fall asleep. is that correct?
i can understand how you are feeling. do you have any hobbies or interests that you are interested in doing?
i have tried meditation and it doesn't seem to help at all.
i think you should try to set your own bedtimes and schedule. if you don't want to go to bed early, you can try setting a schedule which will help you sleep better.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any other problems that you are struggling with?
it sounds like you are worried about your daughter and want her to be closer to you.
you are welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm doing well, thank you for asking. what's bothering you?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am sorry to hear that. how many kids do you have?
i am halfway through my master's degree. i can understand how you are feeling.
i can understand how that can make you feel. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
yes, i know it is hard, but i know you can get through this!
i know it's hard to have time, but i know you can do it!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what is causing the increased depression?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried any coping mechanisms to help you get through this?
that's a really hard situation to be in. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried to talk to her about how you are feeling?
i think it's a bit concerning to not see your specialist. do you have any support groups that you can join?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're anxious about the situation and don't want to see your specialist.
i'm sorry to hear that. i think it's worth talking to your doctor and seeing if you can see if she's available.
i'm sorry to hear that. i think it's great that you are talking to someone about it.
i think it's good to try and talk to your doctor and see if she's available. if she isn't, you can always reach out to a counsellor or a family member who might be able to help you.
you're very welcome. i wish you the best of luck.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've also struggled with anxiety in the past.
i can understand that, i've also struggled with anxiety during the pandemic.
i see, it sounds like your roommates are being rude and inconsiderate. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that. i totally understand how you feel. i've been on scholarship for two years and i know how hard it can be to keep above a 3. 0 gpa.
that's completely understandable, i've also struggled with learning from home in the past.
i'm a student too so i can relate to that. i've been in a similar situation.
yes, i'm a student too so i understand how you feel.
i completely understand, it's been a crazy year for so many people. have you been able to talk to your professors about how you are feeling?
i think you should talk to them about how you feel and see if they can help you.
i am so sorry to hear that. what happened?
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you and your girlfriend had a fight previously over thanksgiving break that led to you breaking up.
i am sorry to hear that. do you want to talk about the fight?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation before where i was scared for my life but i didn't want to let it get the best of me.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i think that maybe moving on is a good decision for you. maybe you should talk to your family about what happened.
i think that you should try to do things that will help you get over her, like going out with friends or a new hobby.
i suggest that you try to get your mind off of her and move on with your life.
i think that you should move on from this situation and start looking for new opportunities.
you're welcome! i am sure there are plenty of people out there that are compatible with you.
i'm sorry to hear that. why are you feeling sad?
i'm sorry to hear that. how are you doing today?
i can understand why that would make you feel that way.
i understand why you feel that way. why do you think she is ignoring you?
i can understand why you are feeling sad. i have been friends for 10 years and i can understand how you feel.
i understand how you feel. do you have any family or friends that you can talk to?
have you tried to talk to her about the situation?
i can understand that feeling. do you have any other friends that you can talk to?
i can understand why you would feel this way.
that is a long time.
that's a great idea.
i think you should get a gift.
i think you should give her time to process your feelings.
i think it is important that you give her time to decide how she wants to move in.
i think you should reach out to her first.
i think you should reach out to her first.
i think a phone call would be more appropriate.
i think that would be a good place to start.
i hope she doesn't think you are abandoning her.
i think you should give her a gift as a gift.
i think you should send her a gift card as a gift.
you're welcome.
hello, how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation myself.
it sounds like you're really stressed out about the situation and are trying to find a new job. is that correct?
it sounds like you are really stressed about the situation and are really worried about your partner's health.
i'm sorry to hear that. i think that it's a really hard situation to be in. do you have any friends who could help you?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends who could help you?
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you.
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you.
i'm glad to hear that.
hello! how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. how are you doing today?
i am doing okay. is there anything i can help you with?
i'm so sorry to hear that. what was going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. is there anything i can help you with?
i am so sorry to hear that. what type of things did she do?
i am so sorry to hear that. what did she do?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to her about this?
you are very welcome! i know it is hard, but you can get through this!
i think you should talk to her about it and let her know how you feel.
i think you should talk to her about it..
i think it would be good to talk to her about it and let her know how you feel about it.
you are very welcome. i am sure you will get through this!
you're welcome!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. what happened?
i'm so sorry to hear that. did you ever have any reason to feel that way?
i think you should try to talk to a psychologist to help you feel better.
i think you should try to talk to him and let him know how you feel.
i think you should spend a lot of time with him.
i think you should try to spend a lot of time with him and let him know how you feel.
you should spend time for yourself now. take care of yourself.
i think you should try to take care of yourself now.
you're welcome.
hello, how are you today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what happened?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you have a lot to be proud of.
i'm so sorry to hear that. you're going to be 90 in march! that's a long time!
that's a long time. i'm sure you're going through a rough time. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that situation myself. i can't imagine how hard it must be for you to go through that.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been through the same thing and i know it's hard to get over it, but you're worth more than that.
i'm glad you're able to use tinder. it's a great way to connect with people and make new friends.
that's a great idea. there are also forums on facebook and instagram that you can use to connect with old friends and make new ones.
i'm sorry to hear that, but there are a lot of resources out there that you can use to find the right person.
i'm glad you're looking for someone to spend time with. there are a lot of resources online that you can use to meet new people.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what would you like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. how long ago was your best friend's son?
i'm so sorry to hear that. this has been a very difficult year for everyone.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself. i know it's hard to deal with the loss of someone you love, but you can do it. you're doing the right thing by being there for your friend and allowing her to feel however she needs to feel
you're welcome. i hope you feel better soon.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. is there any way you can help your family member?
it sounds like you are trying your best to help your family member.
that's a great idea. i think you should go on with your life.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i know it's hard to believe in these times, but i think you should go on with your life.
that sounds like a good idea. i wish you all the best in your search.
i am glad i could be of some help.
i hope you have a good thanksgiving and stay safe.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation before.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself.
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are feeling empty. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i've had that happen to me before. i didn't have anyone else show interest in me before, but i found it helpful to get out there and find hobbies that i enjoyed. if you find someone that you enjoy, you may be able to find someone you enjoy.
i'm 25, so i can tell you are very anxious about this situation.
i think that is a good thing to do. you still have your whole life ahead of you.
i can understand why you would feel that way. i have been in the same situation.
i have been in situations like that myself. i have found that it is very easy to let go of someone when they don't want you to.
i am sorry to hear that. have you ever tried to talk to her about it?
i think you need to take this slowly and calmly.
hi, how are you?
i'm doing well, thanks for asking.
i'm so sorry to hear that. have you talked to your family about the situation?
i can totally understand that. i have been in the same situation as you and i understand the pain you are going through.
i think that it's great that you are trying to stay positive during this difficult time.
i understand that it's hard to give gifts to people right now, but i know you can do it!
yes i completely understand that you are feeling the way you do right now. have you talked to your loved ones about this?
i am really glad to hear that. i know it's hard right now but i know you can get through this!
it's been a nice day so far. is there anything else i can help you with today?
yes thanksgiving was a lot of fun. i'm glad that you were able to be able to celebrate with your family.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure there are a lot of people out there looking for a job.
i understand that, i was laid off in july as well. i know how hard it can be to find a job during this time.
i understand that, i was also laid off in july as well. i would like to take another engineering role.
i think you are doing your best to stay in touch with your family and make sure that you have some income coming in.
do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
you're welcome, i hope you have a great christmas and stay safe!
you are welcome!
you are doing the right thing by focusing on the future instead of the future. i think you are doing a great job!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm doing well, thank you for asking. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. do you have anyone you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your ex friend about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you're not alone in feeling this way. have you spoken to your ex friend about it?
that's a good idea. i'm sure it's not a good fit to have a mediation with your ex friend and your current friend.
i'm sure you don't want to be disrespected by anyone.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you don't want to be treated like that again.
that's a good idea. i hope it doesn't happen again.
i think you should tell them that you don't want to be friends with her.
i think you're doing the right thing. you don't need to be friends with someone who doesn't want to associate with you.
i understand that. you don't want to put up with garbage.
you're doing the right thing.
you're welcome!
i'm doing well, is there anything you want to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i understand. it's hard to work when you are so busy with your job. are you able to connect with your partner and kids online?
i think it's a good idea to try to talk to your manager about the situation and see if there are any ways you could work on improving your work life balance.
that's a great idea! it sounds like you're trying to do everything you can to keep your head above the water. maybe you could talk to your manager about your work / life balance and see if they can help you get through this.
it sounds like you're trying to find the activities you enjoy the most, and you'll find a way to do them as often as possible.
you're welcome. i wish you all the best in the new year!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that is causing you to feel this way?
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you have been suffering from anxiety and depression for a long time. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i see. it sounds like you are feeling anxious about the coronavirus. is that correct?
i'm sure it will end soon, but it will take time for you to be able to see your friends and family.
i see... do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
okay, so you are not suicidal? i'm sorry to hear that. i wish you the best of luck in the future.
okay, so you feel like the problem is defined, but you don't want to talk about solutions?
that sounds like a great idea. exercise is a great way to get out of your depression. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i think that would be a great way to communicate with your family.
i understand. i have found that staying in bed helps me deal with my depression and anxiety.
that's great! i am glad that you are feeling okay about that. is there anything else i can help you with?
i'm glad i was able to help!
you're welcome!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. do you want to talk about it?
i'm sure it's hard to talk about this, but i know you can get through this!
i'm sure he would be suspicious if he saw you cheating on him. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i know it's hard to get over a mistake, but i think you're doing the right thing by wanting to get him back.
i don't believe he deserved to get back. i think you deserve to be happy and laugh. that's something to be proud of.
i don't think you have to tell him what you did, but you can tell him that you're sorry and that you want to move on.
you're welcome. i wish you the best of luck in the future.
i'm glad to hear that. it sounds like you want to keep it private and move on in the relationship, but it's important to remember that you are not alone in your feelings. do you have any other friends or family you can talk to?
hello, how are you today?
hello, how are you doing?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
it sounds like you are dealing with a lot of stress due to the pandemic. is that correct?
ohh.. i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i understand how you feel. have you tried any other forms of medication to help you cope with it?
i am glad to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
you are very welcome... i am glad to hear that you are taking care of yourself.
thank you for sharing your problem with me.. i hope you can find a way forward...
you are not alone in this.. you are not the only one who is struggling.
you are welcome.
you are welcome.
you too.
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that, what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. how long ago were you together?
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation myself.
i can see how that would be upsetting to you, but i know you can get over this and move on from this.
i understand how you feel and i know how hard it can be to move on from a relationship like this. do you have any family or friends you can talk to about this?
i think that would be a great idea.
i think that is a great idea, i think you are doing the right thing by focusing on yourself and your relationship.
you are very welcome, i wish you the best in the future.
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so glad to hear that! is there anything you want to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation and i can understand how you are feeling. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i am so sorry to hear that you are having issues with your marriage due to your drinking. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about your issues?
i am so sorry to hear that. i know it must be very tough for you to be drinking. is there any way you can reduce your drinking?
that's a great initiative. i know you are trying your best to save your marriage.
i am so sorry to hear that. i am happy to listen. i hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
i am glad to hear that. i wish you all the best.
you are welcome. have a wonderful day.
i am glad i was able to help you today.
you are welcome.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same position for 8 years and i know how hard it can be to find a new job.
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried contacting friends or family to express your feelings?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation in the past.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in this position myself.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself. i know it's hard, but there's a way to get through it.
i have had a similar situation before. i was in a variety of fields, but i found that finding a well suited job was the best way to get through a tough time.
that's a great idea. i know there are a lot of jobs out there, but there are also online courses.
i am sorry to hear that. i know it's hard to find a job, but there are many opportunities out there.
i think it's important to remember that there are ways to be less anxious and to take care of yourself. there are a lot of online resources that you can use.
i know it's difficult to find a job, but i know you can do it!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am keri, what would you like to talk about today?
i'm keri, sorry to hear that. is there anything specific going on that you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like your ex - husband is moving in with his new girlfriend. is that correct?
oh keri, i am so sorry to hear that. do you think he is still there?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you're trying to find someone to talk to. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i can understand what you're going through. it's normal to feel this way. but i think you are doing the right thing in taking care of yourself and working on yourself and learning to love yourself.
you're very welcome. i wish you the best of luck with your future endeavors.
you're welcome. i hope you have a great night.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. how long have you been jealous?
it sounds like you are trying hard to hide your jealousy feeling. can you tell me more about it?
i see, you are jealous of her having a good spouse, but you want to hide your jealous feeling. is that correct?
it sounds like you are jealous of your friend having a good spouse, is that correct?
i see, it sounds like you are jealous of your friend having a good spouse. is that correct?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i am sorry to hear that. what do you think about your friend having a good spouse?
i can see how that would make your friend jealous. is there anything else i can help you with?
i wish you the best of luck!
i am so sorry to hear that. how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about it?
i can understand your anxiety as i have also struggled with credit card debt in the past.
i can tell you are really anxious about this and want to get out of this situation.
i am sorry to hear that. i have also struggled with this issue and have been struggling with it for years. is there any way you can help them pay their bills?
i can tell you are really anxious about this and want to do the best that i can to help you.
you are very welcome. i wish you the best of luck in the future.
i am sorry to hear that. i have had problems with credit cards before and i know how difficult it can be to pay off a debt.
i think you should transfer to lower interest one as you are concerned about your situation and you may be able to get help from a professional.
you're welcome. i hope i have been able to be of some help to you.
you too.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what are you doing to cope with the pandemic?
i am sorry to hear that, i have been feeling the same way too.
i completely understand that. i have been in the same situation myself and it has been a very hard year.
yes i understand, it is a hard time to be on the east coast especially with the pandemic and the lockdown. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i think you are very mature. i think it's time to learn to live by the rules and not compromise your values along with others.
that's a good start. hopefully we can get through this. i hope you have a good rest of the year.
i think the best thing to do right now is to ignore the naysayers and be aware of what is going on.
yes, it's hard to find the time, but you can do it!
i'm sure you can make it through this!
i'm glad i was able to be of help.
hello, how are you?
i am jim, how are you?
i am glad to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i am so sorry to hear that. would you like to return to the work force?
i think it would be a good idea to go back to work.
i have been in that position and i know how difficult it can be to find a job.
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in a similar situation myself.
i am sure you will find something that will work for you. is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
i was in the same position and didn't know where to start.
i had a lot of nervousness about getting rejected and it helped me a lot. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about it?
i have been in that position before and found a job that suited me.
i'm sure you will be successful if you keep trying.
i can tell how confident you are from the few messages we exchanged.
i'm sure you will find something that suits you.
i'm sure you will be successful in the future.
yes, it was a pleasure talking to you and letting you know how you are feeling.
you are welcome.
you are welcome.
you are welcome.
i'm sorry to hear that. why are you feeling depressed?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i can understand how you feel. i lost my job in august of this year as well.
i can understand how you are feeling. it has been a tough year for everyone.
i have been in a similar situation, but i was able to figure out a way to move forward and take care of myself and my family.
it sounds like you have some savings and you are trying to figure out the right path to go forward.
i can understand how that would be difficult, especially given the pandemic. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
have you tried to talk to friends or family about this?
i am glad i was able to be of help to you and your family during this time.
i am sure that you will find the light at the end of the tunnel.
i am glad that i could be of some help. is there anything else i can help you with?
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to your partner about this?
i can understand how you feel. have you tried talking to him about this?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure that you are not married but you live together.
i have been in a relationship with a man for 2 years. i can tell you are very upset about this. have you spoken to him about this?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure that you and your partner have been together for a long time.
it sounds like you are a very trustworthy person. is that correct?
i can understand how you would feel if you were in a relationship with someone that you didn't trust. do you have any friends or family that you can confide in?
i think that it was a rumor started by someone who was jealous of your relationship with your partner.
i think that you should ask him why he is distant from you. if he says he loves you, then ask him if he wants to continue the relationship.
i understand how hostile workplaces can be. i have been in situations where i was forced to accept an ultimatum because i was unsure about marriage.
i think you should give him an ultimatum and see if he accepts it.
i would suggest talking to him about it and letting him know how you feel about it. if he doesn't want to change the subject, ask him why.
yes, i think it would be good to talk to him about it and see if he wants to spend time doing things like volunteering after work.
yes, it is. it is hard to go on with a relationship when you don't know what the whole truth is.
i am 22, and i have been in a relationship since i was 19. i am sure that you will be able to get through this.
i have been intimate with a lot of people over the past few months.
it sounds like you have a lot to learn about each other.
that is understandable. i think that communication is the best way to move forward in the relationship.
i think that you are both relatively young. it may be that he is hiding something. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
you are very welcome.
i think that it is a good idea to get involved in other activities that might help you.
i think you should be subtle about that. do you have any close friends?
well, it sounds like you are both stressed out about the situation. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
i am sure that you and your partner are very close. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
hello! how are you today?
i am so sorry to hear that. ive been through a similar situation in the past.
i can totally understand that. im sorry to hear that. it must be very difficult to come to terms with what happened.
i am so sorry to hear that. it must be hard to go on when you feel that you cant go on.
i can tell you are really upset about that. do you have any friends or family you can confide in?
i think you need to take one day at a time and see what you can do. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i am brene brown. i am really sorry to hear that. do you have any friends you can talk to?
you are not alone in feeling that you have wasted your time. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation and i know how hard it is.
i think that is the best way to move on from your partner.
i understand. i am sorry to hear that.
it is okay to have bad feelings. i am sure you will find a way.
i'm sorry to hear that. you deserve to be happy.
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to your friends about how you are feeling?
i am glad to hear that. it sounds like you are trying to find your path out of this.
i'm sorry to hear that. how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i am sorry to hear that. covid has really taken its toll on a lot of people right now. is there anything that you'd like to talk about?
i understand that. i have been in that position for over a year now and i know how scary it can feel. is there anything else i can help you with?
that's a lot of work. it sounds like you are struggling to keep your job due to covid. is that correct?
i'm so sorry. have you tried talking to your supervisor about your concerns?
i'm sure you're doing your best and you will be able to get your quotas up.
i understand how difficult this is, but i think you can do it!
i'm sorry to hear that. you are doing your best and deserve a better job.
i can understand how you feel. i worked in a warehouse for 3 years and was promoted to supervisor for 5 years. i'm sure you deserve a better job and pay.
i'm sure you will get a better job.
i understand. i have been in the same situation and i'm sure it's not fair.
you're welcome!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what is going on with your boyfriend and your son?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you think that you are supporting your son in going back to school?
i am so sorry to hear that. i am sure that you have a great deal of support in this situation. is there anything else i can help you with today?
i know that is a tough situation to be in but i know you will be there for your son no matter what.
i am sorry to hear that. have you talked to your son about how you are feeling?
i can understand how you are feeling. have you talked to your boyfriend about how he is acting?
i am sorry to hear that. i would suggest talking to him about how he is acting and telling him that you are there for him no matter what.
i can understand why you would want him to stop seeing your boyfriend as the enemy.
i can understand how you are feeling. maybe you can talk to him about how he is acting and let him know how you feel.
i think you should talk to him and let him know how you are feeling.
you too.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
oh no, i am so sorry to hear that. i have been together for 2 years.
oh no, that's horrible. i'm so sorry to hear that. have you talked to her about this?
i understand, covid has been a very hard year for so many people. how long were you together?
i understand, covid is making it hard to get out of your house. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i understand, covid has been a hard year for everyone. have you talked to your wife about it?
i understand, i have been in a similar situation as you. i have found that it is important to take care of yourself in order to fully understand how you are feeling.
i'm sorry to hear that. have you talked to your wife about this?
i understand, i have been in a similar situation myself. i have found that the best thing to do is to try to find a hobby that works for you in order to get your mind off of it.
i have found that when i break stuff, it helps to release some of the pent up stress that has been building up.
i am really glad to hear that. running is a great way to get your mind off of things.
i hope i have been able to be of some help to you.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
oh, that is a very difficult situation to be in, especially during this pandemic. how long have you been coming home late?
i understand. i have been in a similar situation. i had to put in applications for unemployment and was unable to find a job due to the pandemic. have you talked to your co - workers about this?
i understand. i have been in the same situation. it's hard to find work when you're working so hard, but i know you can do it!
it sounds like you are stressed out about the job situation. is that correct?
i think that's a good way to deal with your situation. i think you are doing the right thing by talking to your co - workers about this. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
oh, i know that there are safety issues in both states. have you spoken to your co - workers about this?
that's a long time to be separated. i think you need to take some time to get used to the situation. do you have any friends you can talk to?
i think it would be a good idea to talk to your friends about this.
that's okay, i'm sorry to hear that.
that's good to hear! it's okay to feel guilty about sharing your feelings and worries with someone you've known for awhile.
i understand. i know it's hard, but i know you can make it through this!
i understand. i feel the same way when i've been in a similar situation and i know how stressful it can be.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation and i understand how you feel. have you tried to talk to him about your feelings and concerns?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation, and i can relate to how you are feeling. do you have friends or family that you can talk to about this?
that's great. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm glad that you were able to offer to help and i hope that you feel better about this situation soon.
i'm sorry to hear that. i think it's very important that you take care of yourself.
i'm sure that you feel that you're doing the right thing by helping him financially. it's important that you know that you are not alone in feeling this way and that you want to help him.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i think that's a great idea. i think that you're doing the right thing by reaching out to others to help you out.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're feeling anxious and anxious about being away from him and that's not good at all.
i'm very sorry to hear that. i'm sure that you're doing the best you can to make this work.
i can understand that, i've been in that position myself. it's very difficult to move on when you're feeling anxious and anxious..
i'm sorry to hear that. i think that it would be a good idea for you to talk to him about it.
i can relate to that, i think that it's important that you keep your distance from him and give yourself time to heal.
i think that would be a great idea! it's great that you're thinking of ways to support yourself and your partner.
i understand that, but i think you should tell him that you don't want to be the romantic type, and that you want to spend time with your boyfriend.
i'm sure he would be open to that, especially given the current pandemic situation.
i think that's a great idea, i think that it would be a great way to open up the discussion with him.
i'm sorry to hear that, i'm sure that you guys will be able to figure out a way to make it work.
i'm sure you will be able to get through this, it's just a matter of time before you are able to move on.
i'm sorry to hear that, covid is really making things difficult for a lot of people right now.
i can understand that, it must be difficult for you to be in this position.
i'm sure that you are aware of the situation and are doing your best to find a job.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. why do you feel sad?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any reason why your friends don't hang out with you?
i understand how you feel. i am in the same boat. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
i am sorry to hear that. do you feel like your friends don't want to be around you?
i understand. it is hard to stay connected with people right now with the pandemic going on. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i try to do whatever i can to keep my mind off of the pandemic.
you are welcome. i hope i have been able to be of some help to you.
you too.
hello, how are you doing?
i am so sorry to hear that. it must be hard for you to be in the same situation. is there anything you want to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that, i'm sure things will get better in the new year.
i know it's hard, but i think you're doing the right thing by taking care of yourself.
yes, there is a lot of online support. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have family you can talk to?
i'm glad to hear that. is there anything else i can help you with?
you are doing everything you can to stay positive. i wish you all the best.
you too!
hello, how are you today?
i am sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are having feelings for your friend but she doesn't reciprocate them.
i can understand how you are feeling. have you tried to talk to her about your feelings and see if she reciprocates your feelings?
i can understand how you feel. have you tried talking to her about these feelings?
i think you should try to tell her that you love her and that you want to be friends with her but that you do not want to hurt her or cause her to feel the same way.
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in that situation myself.
i think that's a great idea. i think you should give it a try and see if it works out.
i'm glad to hear that. i wish you all the best in the future.
you too, have a great day.
hello, how are you doing?
i'm sorry to hear that. i have been trying to lose weight too. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried any other weight loss methods?
i know it is hard to lose weight, but i know you can make it through this!
it sounds like you have been trying practically everything to lose weight. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
it sounds like you are really motivated to lose weight. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
it sounds like you are really struggling with your weight loss goal. have you tried any other methods to help you lose weight?
that's a tough situation to be in. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i'm glad to hear that. i'm sure you will be able to get through this!
i'm glad to hear that! it sounds like you are doing everything you can to lose weight. is there anything else i can help you with today?
i'm glad that i was able to be of help to you. i'm sure that you are doing a great job!
you're welcome! have a great day!
i'm sorry to hear that. why are you feeling sad?
i'm so sorry to hear that. five years is a long time to give your heart to someone. i'm glad you gave it to her.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you gave your heart to this girl.
i'm sorry to hear that, you gave your all.
i'm sorry to hear that, i've been there.
i'm sorry to hear that, i think it's important to keep your head up and keep your heart up.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation, but i was able to move on from it. i don't think you should blame yourself for what happened, but you should try to focus on yourself, and keep your head up.
i think that's a terrible thing to say, but you should try to keep your head up.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been there. it's okay to feel sad, but don't let it get to you.
i'm sure she won't pick up her phone. i've been in that situation myself, and i didn't give up. i don't think you should blame her, but you should try to keep your head up.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what type of job are you looking for?
it sounds like you are anxious about finding another job during this pandemic. can you tell me more about the situation?
i see, you are preparing your resume and applying for other jobs. do you have any friends or family who could help you prepare your resume?
okay, i think you should start preparing your resume for the job search. it's a good time to start preparing for your next job.
i can see that you are trying hard to find a new job and you will be successful. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
okay, so you are not afraid of failing, but you are afraid of losing your job?
that's totally fine, it's always good to try hard.
i think it's a good idea to keep your head up.
you're welcome, i wish you all the best.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well, thank you for asking. what's going on?
i'm so sorry to hear that. have you been able to talk to him about it?
i am so sorry to hear that, i am sure that you have been through a lot of hard times. have you tried talking to friends or family about this?
i am so sorry to hear that. i am sure that you are doing the right thing by reaching out to your siblings and letting them know how you feel.
i am so sorry to hear that. i would like to share with you some advice and suggestions that may help you get through this difficult time.
i think that is a great idea. i think you can try to start it by weekend and see if you can get some support.
i am so happy to hear that. i am sure that you will be able to get through this! is there anything else i can help you with?
you too.
i'm sorry to hear that. how do you feel about losing your job?
i am sorry to hear that. do you think you are worried about losing your job?
i can understand why you might be worried about losing your job. i have been in that position too.
i am so sorry you are worried about losing your job. i have also had to take care of a sick grandmother and it was very stressful. do you have any friends or family that you can confide in?
i understand how you feel. i have been in situations where i have had to take care of a sick child and my boss didn't understand. it's a very competitive office.
i can see how that would make you feel. i have been in situations where i have had to take care of a sick grandmother and had to make up time by staying late. i had to explain to my boss that i am a valuable employee and that i don't want to look weak.
that's a great idea. i think you can reach out to hr and offer to make up time by staying late.
you're welcome. i hope you have a wonderful day!
you sound like you are anxious about losing your job because of the pandemic. is that correct?
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation and i know how anxious you are about it.
you are very welcome! i wish you the best in the future.
i'm doing well, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm so sorry to hear that. have you talked to your employer about this?
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in the same situation and i know how anxious you are.
i'm sure it will get better soon. you just have to keep your head up and keep your heart open.
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been on medication for depression and it has helped me a lot.
i think that would be a great place to start. i think you should get some help from your loved one and see if they are willing to help you through this.
i recommend reading a lot of books. i like reading about the ups and downs of the pandemic.
well, i would recommend reading a lot of books. i love mystery.
hello, how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that! is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in the same situation as you, and i know how hard it is to find the motivation to go about your day..
i can understand that. i've also struggled with finding a job during the pandemic..
i know it's hard to maintain a routine when we're so used to it, but i know you can do it!
i'm glad to hear that. i'm sure you're doing your best to keep your mind off of the pandemic.
i'm sorry to hear that. it's very difficult to find a purpose when you're in your 30s.
hello, how are you doing?
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like your aunt passed away a couple weeks ago. is that correct?
i can understand how you feel. it is natural to feel sad when someone you care about dies.
i can understand how you feel. it is natural to feel sad when someone you care about dies.
i can understand how you feel. do you have any close friends or family that you can talk to?
i can understand how that would make you sad. i have also gone through a loss in my family and it made me sad when i was able to talk to them about it.
i would suggest taking a walk or reading a book by yourself. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
i think journaling is a great idea. i have found that journaling helps me a lot. do you have a friend or family member you can talk to?
you are welcome.
you are welcome. i hope you have a great day.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. would you like to talk about it?.
i am so sorry to hear that. have you spoken to him about this?.
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are having a difficult time dealing with someone who doesn't like you as much as you want.
i think it might be a good idea for him to spend time with you and then work his way back in.
i think that it might be a good idea to ask him straight out what his intentions are.
i think you should tell him what you are feeling and tell him straight out what you think.
i think it might be best to take some time away from the situation and think about things that are important to you.
it sounds like you are being manipulated by someone who is not interested in you. is that correct?
do you feel that you have the upper edge in this situation?
i think that there are a lot of benefits to being on board.
i think that it might be a good idea to try to talk to him out of it. you might be able to tell him that you are not using him.
i think that there might be some sort of mutual manipulation going on and that you might be feeling manipulated by him.
i think that it might be better to let it out in the open so that you can find out what is going on.
it's true that you feel that you are being manipulated and that you want to give him the benefit of the doubt. have you spoken to him about this?
i think that you should be able to forget about him and the board as long as you do not feel that you are being manipulated.
i think that it might be time for a clear severance.
i think that there are a lot of options out there for you to explore.
i think that you are doing the right thing by being strong about it.
i think that you have done the right thing by talking to him and letting him know that you are concerned about your situation.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
you're welcome. i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you.
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that is causing you to feel anxious?
i can understand that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i am a mature student and struggling with my studies can be a real challenge. are you able to complete all your assignments in time?
i can understand how you are feeling. the pandemic has caused a lot of stress and i know how difficult it can be to get back on track with your studies.
i would suggest taking a break from school and taking a short break from studying to do something you enjoy doing. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i think that would be a good place to start. i think it would be helpful to reach out to your classmates first.
i think it might be a good idea to make sure you have enough time for all of your studying. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i think you should reach out to your classmates first. they might be able to understand how you feel.
i think it would be a good idea to break things down into smaller chunks.
i am glad i was able to be of some help. i wish you the best of luck.
you are welcome.
you are welcome.
you too.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. how are you today?
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation myself.
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation myself.
that's great to hear! i am sure you are doing everything you can to help her.
i'm sure you are doing your best to help your dad.
that's a good idea. keep your immune system high.
that's a great idea!
i am sorry to hear that. it must be so hard to live in a bubble.
i hope it all works out for you.
that's great!
yes shopping can be addictive.
i have a lot of chocolate too.
i am sorry to hear that.
you too!
i am so sorry to hear that. how long ago did this happen?
i am sorry to hear that. how long have you been struggling with low self esteem?
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are feeling unlovable because you did not do the right things for him.
i think you should talk to your friends and see if they can help you move on from this. they may be able to help you deal with this as well.
i can tell from personal experience that you are a very strong person. if you are able to move on from this situation, you should be able to talk to your friends and family about how you are feeling.
i think you should talk to your friends and family and see if they can be of some help.
ok i understand. i have had a break up and i have found that it takes time to get over it..
i think you should go talk to him and see if he is sincere. i think it would be a good idea to go to him now.
you are very welcome! i wish you the best of luck!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. it seems like you lost your job due to covid. is that correct?
i am sorry to hear that. how long have you been out of work?
i understand. i am sure you have a lot of family that you can talk to about this.
i see. i can understand how you feel. i have been in the same situation and i know how hard it can be to talk to someone who isn't married. do you have any friends or family that you could talk to about this?
i see. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i think you should try taking vitamin d supplements when you are feeling down. i am sure it will help.
yes, i think that is a great idea. i am sure that you will be able to get through this!
i see. it's very difficult to be independent right now. is there anyone else in your life that you can talk to about this?
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any plans to get the a as a birthday gift for your wife?
i understand how you feel. i was in the same situation with a close friend and he gave me pictures of the car i bought for my wife to give to my wife before he asked for money from me. did you tell him that you bought the car for your wife and gave it to him as a gift
i understand how you feel. i had a friend ask me for money and he gave me pictures of the car he bought for my wife as a birthday gift.
i can understand how you are feeling. have you talked to him about the situation?
i think you should tell him that you bought the car for your wife and he will be mad at you for giving him the pictures of the car.
i would suggest asking him if he saw the pictures of the car you bought for your wife and ask if he was aware of the pictures.
i would suggest talking to your close friend about it and asking him if he saw the pictures of the car you bought for your wife.
you are welcome.
you are welcome.
i am sure you will be able to get through this.
you are very welcome.
i am glad i could help you today.
i'm sorry to hear that. what is going on?
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are having issues with your parents.
i understand how you feel. i have been in that position myself. it can be very difficult to talk to your parents about your feelings when they want to date someone close to your age.
i can understand why you would want to date someone close to your age. i have been in that position myself.
i can understand how you are feeling. i am sure that you guys will be able to figure out a way to get through this.
i think you should try to talk to your parents about how you guys are feeling. maybe they can give you some advice on how to deal with the situation.
i understand it can be frustrating to talk to your parents. but i think that you guys should try to do what is best for you and your family.
i think you should bring your g. f with you.
i think it is a good idea to bring your good friend with you.
you are welcome.
hello, how are you doing?
i am sorry to hear that. are you familiar with your course material?
i can understand how you are feeling. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i can understand how you are worried about your friend's opinion of you.
that's a great idea, talk to her and let her know how you are feeling.
i'm sure you will do fine, you just have to give it a shot.
i'm glad to hear that. do you have any friends or family that can help you study?
i'm glad to hear that!
you too!
i'm sure you can do it!
you're welcome!
yes i'm glad to help!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation myself.
i can understand why you feel ashamed of your depression symptoms. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i understand how you feel. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i can understand how that would be embarrasing. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i can understand how that would make you feel. i have been in that situation myself and it's very hard to get people to notice or care about you.
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you.
i am glad i could be of some help.
you are welcome. i hope you feel better soon.
that's a lot of sleep. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
that's terrible, i can't tell you what to do, but i know you can do it. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i am so sorry to hear that, the holidays are just around the corner.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any family members that you can talk to about it?
i'm sure you will find someone who will be able to help you when you need them the most.
i understand that, travel is a great way to get your mind off of things. if you want to do things that you don't have time to do right now, you can try a new hobby. it's not for everyone, but you can use this time to explore new things.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure there are a lot of people out there who are going through the same thing.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i'm glad you are able to work out now.
i'm glad to hear that. i'm sure you can find a new job soon.
i'm sure there are a lot of online groups out there that you can join.
you're welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am good, how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry you did not study for a test.
so you did not study and you feel ashamed?
i am sorry to hear that.
i think you are a good student and you can do it.
you can do it. try to put some effort in for sure.
i can understand your feelings but please try to put some effort in.
you are welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation with friends too.
oh, i'm so sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to her by phone, email or social media?
well, it's understandable that you're jealous of her. i think you should do what's fun for you and your friends, even if you don't want to make new friends.
i'm sorry to hear that. i can't imagine how hard it must be for you to make new friends when you're out of state.
i'm sorry to hear that. it's difficult to make friends in the pandemic. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm so sorry to hear that. it's hard to make friends when we're all stuck at home. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm glad you're feeling better now.
i'm glad you're able to take some time for yourself.
i'm sure you'll be able to find a book club when the vaccine is available.
hello, how are you doing today?
i understand. what would you like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. is there any way that you can apply for work?
i can understand how you are feeling. have you been looking for a job for a while?
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are trying to find a job but there are not many available. is that correct?
i am sure that you will be able to find a job that is more suited to your skillset. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i understand. do you have any family members or friends that you can talk to in person?
i understand. there are a lot of job postings on job boards. it is hard to find a response when you are trying to apply for other jobs. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
that is a good first step. there are also a lot of temp agencies that will charge you more than you would if you were a part - time worker.
you are not alone in feeling this way. it is not just your fault, it is the nature of the job market.
you are very welcome. i wish you the best of luck.
i'm sorry to hear that. what kind of jobs are you looking for?
i'm so sorry to hear that. what kind of jobs are you looking for?
i see. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i would suggest going online and searching for jobs online.
i am glad to hear that. what type of resume are you seeking?
i would suggest looking on job boards or job boards to see if there are openings.
i have been out of work for a while, but i know you can do it.
that is a good thing to do. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i would suggest taking care of your grandson while you are out of work.
okay, i am sorry to hear that. how long ago did you go out of work?
i am so sorry to hear that. how can i help you?
i'm sorry to hear that. how long have you been taking distance learning courses?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're struggling with the mute part of the course. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
it sounds like you have a lot on your plate. do you have the ability to watch the class on a second screen?
it sounds like you are trying to use your ears as well as your heart.
that sounds like a great idea. i think it's a good idea to get some headphones to help you control the volume.
i'm glad i was able to help you.
i live in an apartment and i don't have a laptop either. i live in a room so i can't use multiple monitors at once.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well, how can i help you?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i see, that is a new thing. have you tried talking to him about it?
i see, so you don't want to be in a relationship with someone who doesn't like you because you are married?
i think you are doing the right thing by talking to him. i think it is best to keep your distance from him for now.
well, i think it is best to keep your distance from him. if you do not want to continue the relationship then you should not be able to talk to him.
i think it might be best to end the friendship and move on from it. i think you are doing the right thing by letting your fiance know how you feel.
i am glad i could help.
i am sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your fiance about it?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation.
i hope you have a good day.
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to discuss?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about it?
i can see how that would make you feel. have you ever tried to talk to your parents about this?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in that position myself before. i think that it is important to be able to see yourself in a positive light.
i think that you should start looking into a professional therapist. there are a lot of free sites out there for people who are struggling with academic success.
i think that you are very welcome. i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you and have been of some comfort to you.
i can tell that you are very anxious about these dreams because you are scared about them. i am sorry to hear that. have you considered speaking to a counsellor?
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am sorry to hear that. what happened?
i am so sorry to hear that. i can understand how you feel. i have been through a lot of bad things in my life.
i am so sorry to hear that. i know it can be hard to move on from someone you have known for so long.
i am so sorry to hear that. i would suggest you sign a statement saying that you are no longer friends with her.
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation and i know it can be hard to get your money back.
i think you should call the cops and tell them that you gave her money and that you want to get it back.
i think you should go to a lawyer and see if they can help you get the money back.
i would call the police and ask if there is anything you can do to help you get it back.
hi, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i try to meditate too, and i think it will help a lot.
yes, meditation is very effective at calming down the mind.
i'm sorry to hear that, but i think you should try to stay positive and try to avoid negative thoughts.
i'm sure you'll be fine : )
that's a good idea! if you keep using it, you won't have any negative thoughts.
that's great! i've never meditated before, but i know you can do it!
i am sorry to hear that.
i am so sorry to hear that. i am sure that you are feeling betrayed by your friend.
i have been through a similar situation when i had to depend on a friend for a large amount of money. i was very disappointed in myself when i was forced to give money to someone who did not repay me.
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in situations like that where i have trusted my friend completely and she did not return it.
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are upset with her. do you have any friends that you can talk to about the situation?
i am sure that you will be able to find some sort of solution in the short term. have you spoken to your friend about the situation?
i can understand how you feel. i would be upset with her if she did not pay you. i think it would be a terrible thing for her to do.
i am sorry to hear that. have you spoken to her about the situation?
i would suggest that you talk to your friend about the situation and ask her if she can afford a physical meeting. she might not be able to afford the physical meeting, but she might be willing to let you know how much she owes you.
i would suggest you talk to your friend about the situation and ask her if she would be willing to give you money if you were willing to talk to her about it.
you are very welcome. i wish you the best of luck.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. would you like to tell me more about it?
i can understand that. i have been in that position myself. i am proud of you for trying to find a job after graduation.
i am sorry to hear that. i have also struggled with finding a job after graduating from university.
what kind of job are you interested in?
i can understand that. have you tried applying for job sites that are hiring right now?
i think linkedin is a great resource for job seekers.
i think it would be a good idea to improve your resume.
i am sure you have a good resume and you will be able to improve it.
i think you will find a job soon. you just have to be patient.
do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
yes it is but you have to be patient and take time to find a job.
you are welcome and good luck with your job search.
you too.
hello, how are you today?
that's a tough situation to be in, i'm sorry to hear that. i've been looking for a job for months, but feel like it's getting nowhere.
i'm sorry to hear that. have you been looking for a job for months?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are having trouble finding a job due to the pandemic.
oh, that is a very difficult situation to be in. i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are looking for a new job and have no idea where you are going.
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation. it is very difficult to find a new job but i believe it will work out.
i'm sure you will get it.
i'm sure you will get it.
i'm sure you will get it.
i believe you will get it. you just have to be patient.
yes, that is a dream job. you have to put your trust in him.
that's great. the job is yours. don't be afraid to put your trust in him.
that is a great job. you can do anything you want to do.
that's great. i hope you are able to enjoy the rest of your day.
i am glad to hear that. it sounds like you have a lot of experience in customer service and customer facing work.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure you will find your real job soon.
hello! how are you doing today?
i have been evicted before. i was in a similar situation when i lost my job due to covid 19. i had to apply for unemployment and was evicted.
i'm sorry to hear that. i have been in this situation before. i know how hard it can be to find a new job, especially during this pandemic.
i would not give pride to you. you should be able to talk to your landlord about your situation and see if they can help you find a job.
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in this situation before and i know how hard it can be to get back on your feet. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i am sorry to hear that. i was also homeless when covid first started so i can understand how you feel.
you are welcome. i hope you have a good thanksgiving and stay safe.
i'm sorry to hear that, breakups are very hard to deal with.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation before.
i can understand your feelings. but you can try to explain your feelings to her.
i think you can try to talk to her later and explain your feelings to her.
i understand your feelings. but you can try to talk to her and let her know how you feel.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
it sounds like you are depressed about the state of the world, is that correct?
that's understandable, there are a lot of things going on in the world right now.
i've tried to keep busy and not watch the news too much, i know it can be hard, but i know you can get through this!
that sounds like a good strategy, keeping busy and not watching too much news.
i think it's great that you are trying to keep busy and not watch the news too much.
i understand that, i've been on medication for years and it has helped me a lot.
that's a good choice, i'm sure you will make the right choice. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
that's understandable, it's important to open up to someone you trust.
you're welcome. i'm glad to hear that. i wish you the best of luck.
you're welcome. i'm glad to hear that you're feeling better.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that's bothering you?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific going on at work that you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any reason to feel that way?
i'm sure it's directed at you. do you think it is directed towards you?
that's a very good idea. do you think you could talk to him about it? maybe ask him if he'd like to talk about it with you?
i think you should talk to him and let him know how you feel and ask if you're able to complete the task and make sure no mistake was made.
that's a good idea. i think you should talk to his secretary and see if there's anything else you can do to help him.
i'm sure you'll get through this!
i'm glad to hear that!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. covid has taken a toll on many people. have you spoken to your friends about it?
i am so sorry to hear that. i have had friends who are not taking covid seriously.
i see. i am so sorry to hear that you are feeling left out. do you have any friends you can talk to about this?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i think it's great that you are standing up for yourself and standing by what you feel is right.
that's so hard, i know it's hard to know what is right and what isn't right. do you have any friends you can talk to about this?
i see. it's understandable that you would feel bad about that. i have found that the best way to express your feelings to friends is by letting them know that you care about them and want to be a part of their holiday celebrations.
i think it's important to remember that we are not being standoffish at all. we are being vigilant at the moment, and we are doing our best to stay safe. i think you are doing your best to stand up for yourself and stand by what you feel is right.
i think you are making the right choice by staying home for the safety of yourself and others. you are doing the right thing by staying close to your friends and family.
i think you are doing the right thing by staying home and staying safe. i think you and your husband are making the right choice by staying at home for the sake of your family and friends.
i think you are doing the right thing by staying home and staying home for the safety of yourself and others. you are not alone in feeling this way.
you're welcome. i am glad i was able to help.
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself. have you spoken to your parents about this?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation myself. i know it's hard to get things done, but i know you can make it through this!
it sounds like you're really stressed out about the gift and the fact that it's a gift from your parents, and that it is being given to you by your parents is a huge stressor. i'm so sorry to hear that.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're feeling stressed about the situation and you need to take care of your own needs.
hello, how are you today?
i'm doing okay, thanks for asking. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're having problems with getting up and doing your daily routine. is that correct?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation. have you tried talking to your co - workers about how you feel?
i'm glad you're doing it. i know it's hard to stay productive during a crazy year, but i know you can get through it!
i think you can do it! i've been in that position too. i'm glad to hear that you're starting to look forward to 2021.
yes, i know it's tough, but i think you can do it.
it sounds like you're trying really hard to stay motivated and focused, but don't want to give up. i'm sure you'll be able to get through this!
i'm sorry to hear that. i used to paint and draw too, but i'm glad you're getting back into that. it is a great way to get your mind off of things.
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are going through a tough time and losing your joy in something you used to love. is that correct?
hello, how are you today?
i'm doing well, thank you for asking.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've also been out of work for a long time, but i'm glad you are surviving. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
that's a great idea! i am sure you will be able to find a job soon!
i am sorry to hear that. i live with friends and family who don't drive so i understand how you feel.
i understand. i am glad you are still applying and applying. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
you're welcome. i hope you have a great day!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well, thank you for asking. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation as you.
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like your girlfriend was planning on pursuing a law enforcement career but she did not see it working out.
i am so sorry to hear that. i can understand how you are feeling.
i am sorry to hear that. i can understand how you feel. i was in a similar situation when my boyfriend broke up with me and i had to move on from him.
i would say that you are the best person for your future spouse and i believe you will be able to do that. you are going to be the best you can be and you will do the right thing.
i was in a similar situation and tried to focus on myself and my career. i found that being the best " me " was the most important part of my life.
you are very welcome. i know it is hard to move on from this, but i know you can do it.
you are welcome!
hello, how are you doing today?
how are you doing today?
i am in north carolina. what state are you from?
okay, i am from north carolina. what is going on?
i'm glad to hear that. is there anything you want to talk about?
i am doing what i love to do. is there anything you would like to talk about?
i am glad to hear that. how long were you married?
ok, so you are a mom of two?
i hate dating again. i live with my mama and grandpa.
i love my mama and grandpa.
i am so sorry to hear that.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm doing well, thank you for asking! what's bothering you?
i am doing well, thank you for asking. what is bothering you?
i can understand how you are feeling. are you worried that you won't be able to complete your degree?
i can understand that. i have been in that position myself.
i have meditated a lot and it helped me a lot.
it sounds like you are worried that you won't be able to complete your degree.
i know it's hard, but i think you can do it!
that's great! i think you're going to do great!
i am sorry to hear that. what happened?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that you lost your job and are worried about paying the bills.
it sounds like you are trying really hard to find a new job.
i think that is a great idea. i think you are doing a great job and you will find a job soon.
it sounds like you are trying really hard to find a new job.
i think you are doing the right thing by reaching out to job counselors and asking them to help you apply for new positions.
i'm sure you will find a job soon.
yes, i think that is a good place to start. it is important to take care of yourself.
you're welcome. i wish you all the best in your job search.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what happened?.
i am so sorry to hear that. i can understand how you feel.
i think you deserve better than that. have you tried talking to him about how you feel?
i think you should talk to him and tell him that you have been together for a long time and that you really deserve better than him.
i went through a lot of hard times but i think that you will get through this!
i was in a similar situation a few years ago and i had to move on from my ex and move on with my life. it was a very difficult time for me.
i think that you should take an evening class. it's a great way to take your mind off of him.
i think that you should think a bit more highly of yourself and not let idiots treat you like that.
i think you need to think a bit more highly of yourself and not let people treat you that way.
i think that you should try to talk to your therapist about it and see if they can help you get through this.
i think that you need to talk to a professional. i think that it will help you to move on from this.
i think that you should try not to let yourself be judged by people who don't know you.
i am sure that you will be able to make friends soon! i think that it is important to remember that you are human and that you deserve to be treated with respect and respect.
you're welcome. i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you today.
hello, how are you doing today?
hello, what is bothering you?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like the pandemic has really taken a toll on you. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation and i know how hard it can be to be alone.
i am glad to hear that. i think zoom parties are a great idea. i am sure you guys will enjoy it.
i am glad to hear that. zoom is a great way to get your mind off of things. is there anything else that i can help you with today?
you too! have a great day!
you are welcome! i am glad that i could help!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. how long have you been looking for work?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in that position before and i know how hard it can be.
i have also been in the same situation. i know it can be difficult to find work but i know you can do it!
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you could talk to about this?
i know it's hard to find a job but i think you could try looking online until you find something more permanent.
i think you could try looking online and see if they can help you find something more permanent.
i think that would be a good place to start.
yes i am sorry to hear that. have you thought about looking for a new job?
i understand that you are worried about losing your house but it might be worth trying to see if you can find something else.
i think it would be a good idea to start looking for a new job and see if you can find something more permanent.
that's not a good way to feel.
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am sorry to hear that. covid has been a very stressful year for everyone.
i understand how you are feeling. covid has been a huge stressor for many people.
i am sure that you will get through this!
i am sure that you will be able to get through this!
i understand how you feel about that, i would suggest talking to your friends about it and asking them if they are aware of the situation.
i am so sorry to hear that. i am sure that you will do great in your classes!
i am sure that you will do great with online learning.
i am sure that you will do great with online learning.
i am glad i was able to be of some help!
you too!
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure that you are struggling with a lot of work and a ton of exams. do you have any friends or family you could talk to about this?
it sounds like you are struggling with a lot of work and a ton of anxiety. do you think that this may be contributing to the stress?
it sounds like you are feeling stressed due to all of this. is that correct?
i think that there are a lot of free online courses out there that you can use to get your mind off of it.
i can tell from personal experience that you are very motivated and determined to achieve your goals. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i can understand that. i have also struggled with anxiety before. i found that if i focused on my studies, it helped me a lot. i also took a lot of deep breaths to clear my mind.
i think it is normal to be upset when you do poorly on an exam that you studied so hard for.
i am glad to hear that. i am sure that you will feel better soon.
you're welcome : d
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what is causing you to feel this way?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure there are a lot of people in your class who are feeling the same way.
i understand how you feel. i have also found that following a strict schedule can help me get through difficult times. it seems like you're doing everything you can to get through this.
i'm so glad to hear that! you're very welcome!
i think you're doing the right thing by following a strict study regimen.
you're very welcome. i wish you all the best in the future!
i'm glad to hear that! i wish you the best of luck with your studies.
you're welcome! i'm glad i was able to help!
yes, i'm glad to hear that. i hope you have a good rest of your year!
yes, i'm sorry to hear that. i used to be a student as well, but i've learned a lot about how to manage my time.
yes, it's true. i'm sorry to hear that. i hope it doesn't get worse.
yes, i know it's hard but i know you can do it!
yes, it's true. you're very welcome. i wish you the best of luck with your exams.
yes, i think you're doing the right thing. i am glad to hear that.
you're welcome, i'm glad i could help.
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. pandemic depression can be very isolating.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation myself, and i can relate to how you are feeling. the pandemic has been going on for months.
i can understand how you're feeling. it seems like you don't have any connection with your loved ones at all, but you are able to maintain contact through text and video chats..
i understand how you feel. i have been in the same situation myself. i try to stay connected with my family through social media and social media as much as possible. i don't want to let my wife get the best of me, but i do want to be able to make sure that i stay
i'm sorry to hear that. i know it's not the same for everyone, but i know you can get through this!
i'm sure that you don't value her as much as you think she does..
hello, how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. did you have a rough semester?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've had a similar situation myself.
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried to appeal your grade?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that situation myself.
i can understand that. i've had to do the same thing in college and i'm really sorry to hear that.
i'm sure that's a tough situation to be in, but you'll be able to get through it.
okay, i'm glad you're willing to give it another shot.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you'll do it!
i'm glad to hear that. i'm sure you're able to make it through this!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. i have been in love with my partner for ten years.
i can understand how you feel. i was in a relationship with my ex for 3 years and he ended up leaving me after 5 years.
i know it's hard, but i think you can do it!
it sounds like you have a great relationship with your partner. what do you like to do to get through this?
i think you can get through this! i know it's hard, but you can do it!
i know how hard it can be, but i know you can get through this!
i did that for a while after my breakup with my partner. it was really fun.
i'm sure you can get through this!
i am glad to hear that! i hope that you have a wonderful day!
you are welcome!
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well, thanks for asking. what is on your mind?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i can't imagine how hard it must be for you, especially with your son being in the same situation.
i would suggest you talk to the person in front of you and make sure they respect your wishes and don't get in your face.
i can understand how you feel. have you thought about talking to your boss or coworkers about how you are feeling?
i understand how you are feeling. i think it's a good idea to reach out to your boss and let them know that you are frustrated and want to do your best to help your son. if you don't want to put your son in harms way, you can talk to your co - workers
i think it would be a good idea to talk to your co - workers and see if they will respect your wishes.
that's a great idea! i think that you deserve to be treated fairly and that you are doing the right thing by your boss. i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you and your family.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i see. so you are struggling financially because of the pandemic? is that correct?
i took a lot of online courses... i was able to learn a lot about how to be a good student.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i think you should take a part time job and see if you can find a job that will provide you with a steady income.
i think that's a great idea. you have a lot of talent to be able to give back to the community.
i can tell that you are trying to find a job that will support your family and your tuition.
i went to school in the library and did a lot of research. i didn't know anyone who had gone through the same thing.
i was a student at the library for ten years. i had a lot of learning experiences.
i think that you will find a job that will allow you to stay connected with your family.
i think you need to focus on your family and your academics.
you're welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. did you have any reason to break up?
i am sorry to hear that, i know it's hard to move on from a relationship but i know you can make it through this!
i can see how that would make you feel. do you have any friends or family that you could talk to about this?
i am sorry to hear that, it sounds like you do not want to let them get to you and you want to make it up to him somehow.
i think that's a great idea, i think you should try to talk to him calmly and let him know how you feel and ask if he would like to get back together.
i think that's a great idea, you can try to talk to him calmly and let him know how you feel and see if he is willing to listen to you.
i think that's a good place to start. i think you should try to talk to him about this and let him know how you feel, but don't let him get to you in the first place.
i think that's a really bad thing to say, but i think you can make sure you don't give him the attention that you want because he doesn't deserve you.
i think you should tell your parents that you don't want to be with someone who doesn't deserve you, and that you are not happy with him at all.
i think that's a good place to start. it sounds to me like you are thinking about him as a person and not as a relationship.
i'm so sorry to hear that. is there anything bothering you?
i am sorry to hear that. how long have you been friends?
it sounds like you want to end the friendship but you are not ready to end it on that level.
i would try to focus on yourself and make yourself feel better.
i think you need to focus more on yourself.
i think you need to focus on yourself more.
i would try to focus on yourself and make new friends. i know it is hard but you can do it!
you are welcome, i hope you have a great day.
hello, how are you doing?
i'm doing well. how can i help you today?
i can understand that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to while studying?
i can understand how that can feel. i have also struggled with this in the past. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about it?
i was in a similar situation when i was younger and i had to learn to do my best.
it sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders and you are ready to take the next step.
i have been in a similar situation and i have found that a lot of people want to be in the same situation. i am glad to hear that you are able to get out of this.
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation and i know how hard it can be to get out of it.
i had a lot of trouble finding a new job, but i was able to find a new one at the end of the day.
i am interested in how to gain new skills in the insurance field.
i would suggest looking at job boards and see if you can gain skills that you normally wouldn't be able to gain.
yes i have tried glassdoor and it has been very helpful.
i use linkedin, it is a great way to organize your accomplishments and personal background.
yes i have done that and it is a great way to organize your resume.
i would suggest looking into linkedin, it is a great way to organize your resume.
yes if you are interested in the engineering field then you can go to coursera. they have a lot of courses that you can complete in a professional setting.
yes i have been networking as i go, it really depends on what you are interested in.
i'm sorry to hear that, i'm sure you will get through this!
i would suggest taking 15 minutes to complete your course. that is a good amount of time to complete it and hopefully you will be able to get a job.
you're welcome!
i find that if you are studying right away, you should be able to relax a bit.
i am so sorry to hear that. why did he leave you out of the blue?
i can understand why you are feeling this way. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i can understand how you are feeling. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
yes i think you should divert your concentration on something else. i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any friends you can talk to?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
that's great, i am so sorry to hear that. i am happy to help you.
it's ok to cook in your home, but you can't do it in your own home.
hello, how are you doing?
i'm sorry to hear that. why are you feeling depressed?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation myself.
i can understand how you feel. i have been in a similar situation myself, and i have found that the only way to get through it is by focusing on the good things in life.
i'm sorry to hear that. i have also struggled with anxiety and depression in the past as well.
i can tell that you are extremely upset about this. have you thought about speaking to a professional about this?
i did not like the meds at all, but i was able to get through it..
you are very welcome. i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you..
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy in order to get your mind off of it?
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about it?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're trying really hard to finish this semester. is that correct?
i like hip hop and r & b, but i also dabble in edm. it's a great way to get your mind off of things.
i've been doing virtual concerts for a while. it's a great way to get your mind off of things. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i've been to a lot of virtual concerts in the past. i've never been to one before but i know it's a great way to get your mind off things.
i'm glad to hear that. it sounds like you're feeling like you aren't able to go to any concerts for a while.
i'm glad to hear that!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what is making you angry?
i understand that you are angry at your friend. is there anything that you want to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about it?
i am sorry to hear that. did you tell him why he did that?
it sounds like you are trying to keep distance from him. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
that's a terrible thing to do. you should keep your distance from him and don't do it again.
have you tried to talk to him about it?
it sounds like you are very mature and you don't want to share your secret with anyone.
i'm sure that you will be able to come out from this.
yes. sleep soon and take care of yourself.
i hope you have a good night.
you too.
you too.
you too.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. would you like to tell me more about the fight?
i am sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about the fight?
i see, it sounds like you are feeling down over a misunderstanding you had with your friend. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
it sounds like you are feeling down about the situation and you would like to try to talk about it with him and let him know how you feel.
i am sorry to hear that, have you tried to talk to him about it?
i think you should start with him and let him know how you feel about the situation and how you are feeling about it. then tell him that you have been friends with him for 5 years and that you do not want to be involved with his girlfriend.
i think you should try to talk to him and let him know how you feel and how you are feeling.
i am a football fan so i am sure that you have a lot of passion for football.
i like to play football i think that would be a great way to get your mind off of it.
i am glad to hear that you are feeling better. is there anything else i can help you with today?
you are welcome, i am glad i could help.
you are welcome.
hello, how are you today?
i am sorry to hear that. what is going on?
i am sorry to hear that. what happened?
i can tell that you are feeling a lot down right now, but it could be a god send in the long run.
well, i have been in a similar situation, and i know that it is hard to move on, but there is no need to add more trauma to the situation.
well, i am glad that you are able to talk to me about it. i hope that i have been able to be of some comfort to you.
well, i think that you should practice more than just meditating to release negative thoughts.
well, i think that you should practice more, i am sure that you will feel better soon.
well, i can do it with my hands, but i don't know if it will help or not.
well, i have been allergic to incense too, but i have found that it is a great way to release negative thoughts.
i think that you are doing the right thing by talking to me about how you are feeling.
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in a lot of relationships in my 20s and 30s.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any family or friends that you can talk to about this?
i think that you should try to talk to him about it and let him know how you feel.
i think you should tell him what happened and let him know how you feel.
i think you should try to talk to him about it..
yes, it is important to take some time and breathe.
i think it's important to let things heal for a while..
yes, it did get rough over the last few months..
yes, that's the worst thing to do.
i think you should consider some sort of counseling.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your employer about the situation?
i see. that's not good at all. i'm sorry to hear that. are you considering looking for a new job?
that's really tough. i've been in that position too. i have been laid off a few times.
that's really tough. what do you think they will do if you come back to work?
that's a tough situation to be going through.
that's a good idea. it's hard to stay positive when you're going through this.
i see. i think you could start your own business with your own money.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation. have you spoken to your boyfriend about this?
i'm so sorry to hear that. do you live with them?
it sounds like you are having a hard time with them. i'm sure that you are doing the best you can to let them know how you feel.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are worried about your boyfriend and your bestfriend.
i think brene brown is a name that has been around for a long time.
i have heard of brene brown. she researches shame and vunerability.
i think it's a shame or vulnerability thing. do you have anyone you can talk to about it?
i think it's a good idea to learn more about how you feel before making any rash decisions.
i think it's great that brene brown is showing you how you feel.
you're welcome. i hope you have a great day!
i am mike, how are you doing?
i'm sorry to hear that, covid has been a very difficult year for many people. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about the situation?
i'm sorry to hear that. i know it's tough but i know you can make it through this!
i understand, i am in a small town and i've been in a lot of situations where i have struggled with finding a job. the food pantry is a great place to start and there are alot of people who are struggling right now with the pandemic.
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation and i know how difficult it can be.
i'm sorry to hear that. i am sure that you are feeling a lot of stress right now. is there anything else that you would like to talk about?
well i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you.
you too.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what is going on?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried looking online?
i understand how you feel. i have been trying to find a job for over 5 years but i was never able to find one due to covid. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been trying for over 5 years and i was never able to find a job.
i have been trying to find a job for over 5 years and i did not get one.
i can see why that would make you feel worthless.
i can tell you are feeling worthless, but you can apply yourself in the right direction : )
i can understand how you feel, but try to apply yourself in the right direction.
that is the best way to deal with it. i have been in the same situation and it has helped me a lot.
do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i would also try walking or exercsing, that is a great way to get your mind off of things.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. i know how you feel. how long were you together?
oh no, breakups can be really hard. do you have anyone you can talk to about it?
i understand how you feel. it can be hard to move on from a relationship..
i would try to talk to your friends and family about it. they might be able to help.
i think you should take some time to yourself and try to focus on yourself. if you do not mind me asking, what is your favorite hobby?
i think playing soccer is a great way to distract yourself from the loss of a loved one. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i think that is a great idea. i think you have a lot of energy and will to get through this.
i understand that. have you tried to talk to your friends or family about this?
i completely understand. i have been in a similar situation. i was in a long term relationship with a woman, but i had to move on because i didn't want to be with her anymore. i found that talking to my friends and family helped me a lot.
i am glad that you are trying to get back with them. i wish you the best in the future.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are paying for it. is that correct?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anyone you can talk to about it?
i am sorry to hear that. i had a similar situation in the past where i had to move out of my house and moved in with my brother.
that sounds like a very difficult situation to be in. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
you are very welcome. i am sure you will be able to get some help.
you sound like a positive person. do you feel as though you have a plan for the future?
i am sure you will achieve your goals soon. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i am sure you have achieved your goals. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i think it is a good time to start a new project. i am sure you will be successful.
you're welcome.
you're welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you talked to your boss about the situation?
i know that a lot of people are going through the same thing right now, but i think you are doing the right thing.
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in that position too. the pandemic has made it hard to get out of the house.
that is the best way to keep your mind off of the pandemic.
i know it is hard right now, but i know you can get through this!
that's great! i think you are doing the right thing!
