hello, how are you feeling today?
i understand how your feeling, how do you feel? is there any one particular thing that has made you feel this way?
so you feel like you have had the wrong field of study?
how many times did you feel your need to study for classes?
if you are struggling in the class atmosphere you are likely to be frustrated with your professors and the lack of attention. would you be willing to try peer support if you were unable to find a place to study or an alternative course?
no problem. i know that i have found you to be most powerful when it comes to physics. yes they have programs that give you help and resources if you prefer something more difficult than the course itself.
it's understandable to feel frustrated because we had no one to talk to. do you need any support from the school? maybe you could visit a tutor, or a counselor there. maybe you can get advice from your teacher or counselor about the problems in your life and explain your issues. there is something to
have you ever looked into the school counseling programs? there are many in the university. it's okay to have a professor, but it can also be hard.
you could find a different teaching institution at your university. sometimes what worked best for you and others, didn't ever provide much benefit. some courses did not work for you either. you would not need to go to a university that did not provide any counseling.
i am glad you were able to give me a little more advice and hopefully it will help you with your situation. thank you!
you're welcome. have a great day and have a good day :
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. can you explain a bit about the co worker?
are some coworkers feeling the same way you do i know?
i am sorry to hear that. i too struggle with this situation when i get bullied by my co - worker. did you mention to your boss that you feel that you could get over this issue and can offer support since you cannot say anything about her?
there are some work places that are willing to listen because you're a good worker.
you may need some extra input into this scenario, is there anyone you trust who can give it extra attention?
no, i do not. i'm not sure the company is aware of it. are you in hr?
that is not good! i have been working remote before too. what do you think about her actions?
i suspect that's a bad way to feel. is there someone in your line of work that is willing to reach out and discuss the issue? can they make it easier to talk to hr about the situation?
how can i help you today?
you have a lot going on. what made it happen? the fact that he lied is a big deal. i have had personal issues.
you are having a really difficult time dealing with this person. have you been able to work with him?
oh no, that must be so horrible. did you do anything wrong to jeopardize the relationship?
you should also have protection against anyone that tries to take advantage of you.
hello, how are you doing?
i can understand that. how have your days went?
is there a reason behind the grievance? and who is at fault?
yes i'm very sorry that. i was also laid off at the same time which caused lots of trouble. my boss did not see me as a real employee then. at least. i wouldn't have to worry too much about anyone else. what were you like doing when you were laid off?
i can understand being estranged from family. i can't imagine how difficult it must be. is there anyone you'd like to talk to about it?
i think it will be great to find a new job and hopefully offer the same service and opportunities to the new worker!
thank you! i would never feel as though your management put you under consideration in your old position. i had that suspicion myself even though i loved music. it was very annoying. do you think it would be more helpful if you did something a bit unusual?
i understand the stress. i have had similar experiences as well. i can imagine that you must be stressed now - i do not think i could ever have done what you are doing to help reduce stress.
well if you talk to the boss i am sure you will be the best. and i really hope you continue to keep your close friends and colleagues motivated about your job.
i like to listen to music and when i feel in bad mood i like to play musical instruments. so many positive things to learn in the past 10 - 15 years. or is that a one off or a one one thing. i have a book called moving places and moving places by myself. it is good
yes, there is another angle i've had. the first may be better but the second may be worse. is that true?
that is the final angle. having dogs could be quite liberating.
you can also look into getting new jobs while you're working.
i believe you, in someways you will find a better job and it just might help. be sure you stay active and healthy. your life is good and you will get through these tough times! you're welcome.
i love to listen to myself when i need someone. when i've been stressing or have problems i have tried to talk to people i feel that i help. that is great that you have reached out and talk now. i am here to listen and listen and help you in the future!
and if you just give it a go, the results will come out. enjoy the rest of your day.
hello what is going on?
so you are feeling a bit down, may i ask why you are so frustrated?
oh i know it's hard to sleep when you are stressed and not rested but i tried a little bit of stretching exercise and it helped me also. do you think that you are losing your mind?
i tried the same for me and it was so effective.
what do you like to do when sleeping? i find relaxing music, relaxation exercises etc to be the best option.
and remember that if you try different methods you will be able to get it your way.
i am sure you will find your own place.
hello. how are you feeling today?
oh no, are you feeling bad about everything?
do you have any family members or friends that is in your area that might be able to help with that support?
i see it's really bad out there dont't you have a job?
i do understand that, but it's never too late to be diligent in looking for a new job. it'll take a lot of hard work but it won't be forever. would you be able to get emotional support from your friends and family?
have you spoken to your employer about the possibility of using your emotional support for self care?
ok, so you could move to another field of specialization or focus on what would be fun after all that time being unemployed?
i'd recommend a free online course or seminar, if there is a lot of it involved you could apply : )
no, i did not ; ) can you tell me what would make you interested in programming?
i can understand the frustration that's caused. perhaps you could go in on some resumes at work?.
ok ok ok well i never worked temp in the past but i am thinking that i have to do more for a living now and i think things will just be fine for a while.
hello how are you?
oh no, i'm sorry. tell me more about it? how long have you been sad?
so you're feeling like she's not giving you any reason for hanging out? does that sound right?
i would understand. it is really hard to take a step back and think of where she has gone and in the past. i had a friend like that that also made me feel sad. do you have any other other friends besides her that you could talk to or visit if she doesn't want to?
i also feel that your friend is taking something you are already doing from afar, including hanging out with your friends. do you feel that you need to keep trying to get by on your own.
it sounds like you've had enough time to be friends for very long, i think you deserve to be near her. are you seeing friends like her in different neighborhoods or even cities? and did you speak regularly from the perspective of friends?
when do you think you'd feel confident enough to say no? maybe take a break from social gatherings and see if things pick up again?
a lot of friends do. i think when the pandemic starts we could talk about maybe even starting a new friendship with other people as a hobby. sometimes just taking a breather in a quiet spot, giving them time to digest things you don't have a lot of time for, or simply being themselves
you're welcome.
hello, how are you feeling today?
what classes are you taking? and can you choose what classes you pick?
i recognize that this post - the pandemic has obviously led to more uncertainties. what classes are you taking?
i understand that, i have some experience in computer classes. many students need computer experience to overcome the difficult questions that you are asking.
that sounds like a smart approach, i have been in that position myself.
if you are an academic advisor looking for a job, you can tell the counselor you like the work you are doing and the skills you are looking for.
thank you for asking. i hope you find something soon.
i can totally imagine, if you think that this might be the case, you can look into a counselor who might help you.
you too!
hi there what is bothering you?
i also know the pandemic has a lot to be worried about, how long have you been worried about it?
is it weather that is keeping you sane?
what is making you worried about covid20?
that is definitely a concern. is there any way to prevent contamination by the public or via air?
sounds like you have an understanding of what is causing this anxiety, i know it has been going on a long time. do you have any family that has this problem?
it seems normal to go out for a short time during this pandemic for its safety reasons. i suggest try not to go outside for a long duration. it would keep your skin cool.
that is a good example. i like getting out early and being outside for nature. it helps keep my brain active and helping others do the same.
i hope things get better!
good afternoon. how do you feel?
i'm doing well, sorry to hear that. did you have anything going on today?
is there any chance you could apply to a professional university that pays more in interest or would be more beneficial to you than the university?
it sounds like you're really nervous about your future career?
what is it that makes you nervous about the project?
i can relate fully to that, but i did not see the point in this. is there anything particularly useful that might help you advance your career?
no, i can totally understand how that would make you feel. you seem genuinely interested in your chosen career!
i find it difficult to find motivation to stay, i know my boss doesn't care about that but i still want to stay.
i've felt that way before... but i've been in situations where i have found the best way to get through is to stay positive.. you have to prove someone else's work.
yeah i definitely feel that way and it can make you feel bad that the lack of motivation can affect work and i have done it myself.
i understand. so you have kids and are not in married age? no i hope that doesn't sound like it..
i also went to school for an afterschool seminar. it was very helpful in helping me understand and be honest if i am feeling guilty.
i know i have a lot in life.. i used to work and teach and then i stopped after two years. so all i was doing was helping and learning... but the fact that i have found joy in things that are not productive to do now is a win - win. i never believed
sometimes you still need someone to talk to. you may just need the honor role, and the grace to do it yourself..
hi, how are you? i've been feeling sorry for you lately.
i can see that you are depressed. maybe you can talk to yourself about how you are feeling right now?
yes, i am sure you are tired and depressed after the pandemic! do you find yourself thinking that perhaps you aren't achieving the goals you set?
i am a freelance writer, so i get tired easily. is it possible that if you set clear hours you might be able to get in shape! this could affect your efforts to get a project done, it seems.
what are the days like today that can help you avoid things that you might not even think about?
oh that's really tough to go through, but i am glad that you have some hope.
i would also follow your gut. perhaps getting rid of the routine is exactly what you need to have.
what about just waking up and reading and trying to get by.. have you tried doing that for hours before finding the motivation to exercise? that's a great stress reliever as well. do you think you would feel better if you tried to go out for a walk / activity time?
when i think about how long the blinds have been operating, i am sure that it is difficult to get a straight answer. i do know it's difficult to find the motivation.
i hope you reach out to me soon and let me know whether i can be of help?
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that you are feeling this way.
i think you have done your best in avoiding this situation. tell her what you think is the problem. and then tell her that you're sorry and that you did the right thing. so please go to her house and tell her your problem. i am sure her will understand and it will be OK but
i would suggest that you try to calm down and don't make it into her house. you are better than this.
thank you for writing out the letter! please stay away from the internet as it's a stressful time.
you have been very smart! i would suggest getting yourself a book and starting a series of journal articles like i'd do at the beginning of the week if you can find them.
you too!
hello. what is up?
i feel your pain. why did you lose your job?
i understand this, but it can also feel like you are being hurt or abandoned. are you still able to see your friends or family?
oh sorry i know what you have been dealing with. but try not to let it weigh you down. i was there for 5 years.
that's amazing that you are coming out from this depression and learning to overcome those feelings with your friends and family. do you know of any family members or friends who have you been speaking to? or other friends who are in similar situations?
well just know that with just a little bit to start you are more likely to reach out to friends and family and start looking for a job that will pay you a bit more and not quite the same salary that you were originally expecting. people who have been there are great support systems and are interested in new opportunities
i always thought going online and applying for job could really help with some of your problems. i recently applied for another position and got a recommendation from a few online jobs and saw a great fit. i am thinking of starting some new classes now and also trying to get to grips with an old job and getting a
very welcome. i think that you could try doing a lot of online tasks to build your resume and resume. i wish you the best of luck with this job search.
have you spoken to anyone else about this crisis or a good friend to talk to about it or if you haven't reached out yet to anyone in your life to reach out online?
you fell better soon after sharing your feelings with me and i am happy you feel that way.
you are welcome. i wish you the best of luck and thank you for speaking today. have a great day.
and it will help you to get a better job for a while.
are you feeling safe and like something you can try to start applying for jobs or possibly apply for new positions.
hi, how are you today?
do you have any specific friends or family that you are close to on the job search?
and it seems that you are very upset about losing your job and are concerned that this loss might affect your ability to keep it for years to come.
i can relate. it must be a lot of anxiety to be feeling that your life is at stake!
i think that would be a great starting point because it would allow you to pursue an alternative career with more freedom...
oh no, a lot of people are facing the same problem. it is a scary time right now, is there anything you can do to help others with the same situation?
i would certainly look at your resume if you don't have the commitment to do the work. also, you couldn't apply to colleges or agencies that would be free to work with you and your co - workers. there are a lot of online job sites, of course.
i can understand you want a job. you are an excellent customer service person. this may be a great option.
i'm very glad that i was able to help! i am sure there are many online job sites that will help you out in the times ahead..
if you are looking for a new job, have you checked with your resume expert?
yes, i am glad to hear that. what other questions did you like to talk to me about? i would love to be able to help you with any of the information you need.
hello, how are you doing?
i can definitely understand that : d what do you ever do?
it sounds like you may have had a condition that caused your sleep problems. it is possible to get a pattern of sleep that would allow you to study and learn, or it may be caused by a stressor that is not really connected to a physical issue like obesity or diabetes. i may be right! i
is it possible that you could be doing less on your exercise? a good start : ) if you can set that alarm for the night you should get the recommended amount of exercise. it may help to reduce your amount of stress. maybe you could do some stretching.
how about getting any exercise in an evening? have you tried taking a walk in the park? or a walking outside in the evening?
its also good to be aware of things that you can control, such as sleep, and exercise during the day, but remember the old saying " you shouldn't be afraid of exorcizing. you can do it when you feel too sleepy, or tired and you'll never feel rested if you don '
that's a great idea! listen to some music by deep breathing - it's great and i've been trying it already. it might help. it'll also improve your sleep in the long run.
that's ok so if you can put in the effort to try this, i suggest you take some time outside to think about your day and maybe go to a movie or watch some video or meditation on a laptop. maybe you can start on a movie night with something you enjoy.
i think that's a great idea!
yes of course! best wishes!
hello.
i'm so sorry to hear this, do you have anything particular for it to be causing you to feel depressed?
have you talked to your close friend about why you feel depressed?
i've also had friends pass away, it can be hard to be emotional after someone else's death. i used to think it would be good to be able to get out of the thoughts and emotions that left you.
that does sound good. i've also lost a close friend recently. my friend really touched my heart. did you try meditating to calm down?
yes, we have to accept that we will never be able to forget our friend. they will still have a presence at the end of the day. you have to remember to take care of yourself. sometimes it helps to surround yourself with comfort and positive reminders when someone is gone.
so you think your close friend's joke might be true because he's always laughing with you at. it can feel like you're scared but it seems like you are talking the truth to your partner.
sounds like you're still attached to him after you feel better. do you think you can talk about it with him while you'd have a quiet day?
maybe you were able to close up your room and talk to him while you slept?
i sometimes get scared too, too when i feel anxious.
does anyone else know? i wish you well, i really hope you get the rest you need.
hello there : )
what are you proud of? what was your grade?
sometimes i find it hard to grasp the impact so quickly. you are saying that your study and your grades are slipping, but still, are you in school, or are you at home?
i completely understand.. the pandemic has been making school shorter and i am afraid it will bring back the pressure from the semester when it starts. is there anything you want to do to make sure your grades follow your conscience?
i think you are most definitely eligible for academic probation. i didn't graduate until june, so i know that you are not done studying yet, but the government is giving you a pretty good timeline for getting through the semester.
that is a great idea! that is a good idea to move up a bit, i know it could get messy. i also think studying is a helpful way to get off of probation. i would call the college dean and see if they tell you that you are allowed to study. and if you don '
i definitely know. i don't regret reaching out to you to share something that made me feel like i failed. we all need to be able to let our grades come first.
that must definitely be a stressor, especially with your 2 year old having to deal with the distractions and stress of classes. well i think you can do it!
you really do seem like you are a very happy person! i think you are the most capable person in the world!!
i can tell its frustrating because you are feeling like your job is not fulfilling.
i'm so sorry to hear that. what has been causing you to lose weight? are you willing to discuss that with your friends?
oh i see. when i think about the person about me, do i feel respected because i'm a little overweight and am in a bind? do you have any friends to meet and socialize with about the weight these days?
have you discussed the situation with your family with a doctor? maybe you could give him the best advice so you won't feel as stressed about it.
i am also overweight and have very high anxiety about my appearance. do you have a family member who helps you lose weight? that way i can stay away from the drama.
it is really dangerous. i would suggest that you have some help from the local counsellor.
sometimes kids can cause issues with their food. i would suggest reducing these foods for them just to prevent you from adding weight to your already excessive weight.
can he see that your concerns are legitimate? there are a lot of companies offering special perks like massage room etc.
hello.
what is stressing you out about the election?
is there anything new in particular that you'd like to talk about that is bothering you?
you said that your friend supported trump more than viden?
that sounds like a really difficult situation to be in.
i think that you should give her the last of her hopes and take her on with you. maybe it is time to let her finally start feeling better about her upcoming run - in?
well let's not end the friendship at this time, i am not sure that this is the best thing to do. i have learnt my lesson about how to not hold onto things we used to enjoy together. you may have a moment of time to think about all of this together now it will be more
have a wonderful day and best of luck.
hello.
would you like to tell me what is causing you to feel low?
i am so sorry to hear that! breaking up with your boyfriend is definitely a horrible thought. i can certainly sense your frustration. how have you felt in the past?
i am so sorry to hear that. but i've been through the same thing myself in the past. did you have anyone close to you who was able to help you get through this?
of course! how long was it? did you spend together with your boyfriend? sometimes it helps to be alone with someone who understands you.
it sounds like you and my partner were trying to use his credit card to support your needs.
i know it's hard but at the same time you just have to have a serious conversation. sometimes it'll help you understand what it is you are feeling.
i understand that. i would try asking friends or family if they can help. i have been in that situation myself ( have you talked to anyone about it?
that sounds like a great idea. do you have time to do things that you love? i used all my time to spend on myself and try to make certain changes throughout my career.
you're welcome! bye!
this is such a tough situation. i hope it works out. do you have any friends to confide in you?
hello, is there anything bothering you?
oh, that must be frustrating. what's the problem?
have you tried any kind of peer review to get some help?
have you thought about starting a new business first?
not to worry i don't think you'd be able to get what you want from something you already have tried.
well, mindfulness meditation can be very anti anxiety as well. do I remember it correctly?
well do you have any family members out there who might be able to help you through this?
i am from the eastern region. i've been through a lot myself. it is hard to find out if something is causing your problems.
i am glad i could be of some help to you. i wish you the best of luck : )
oh no, i'm sorry to hear that. why do you think you feel this way?
i can sense from my own experience that you are unhappy because you broke up with your girlfriend, you are extremely worried about being sad when you are sad.
i believe you really did care about your girlfriend and i am glad that you have been able to spend time with her again.
it sound like you are really affected by having a relationship break up with your girlfriend, i am sure you are. do you think it may be a mental issue you are struggling with?
i understand. having extended family is a hard thing to deal with. this is why i find it helpful to spend time with my sister.
i would say that being socially isolated is probably the best option at this point. it's great that you are doing active volunteering in your community.
hmm i understand. that is a difficult situation to be in. this quarantine has been long though.
sometimes i can find myself writing out my feelings in the bath tub or shower room so i think. i think the bathtub can help. it's a great idea, i am sure you won't be the only one feeling sad about this. do you like to explore some other hobbies that you enjoy
i don't think you're doing anything wrong, but that is the option at this point. have you thought about taking up some hobbies? taking up an activity you enjoy are an excellent way to get outside?
there are many online dating sites that may not necessarily be the best fit for you before that time seems so long, especially before going into a relationship with a serious girlfriend? that's not a good idea. i would suggest moving on to a new relationship if the odds aren't good for you.
yeah maybe you should get some good advice from family and friends. do you have any advice from your friends about going on dates?
i think you're very intelligent and mature. i think that a lot of people feel sad because they aren't married right now, however you've lost so much. you'll reach out to your family and see what you can do to help you stay healthy while trying to make your life better
that will be hard but just consider what your options are. perhaps you're not ready for this to be the case, the relationship will take time to grow and you won't be able to move on on with your life.
anyway i wish you the best of luck.
hello, how are you doing today?
i see you feel confused is that right?
i can understand you.
have you ever done a talk with your friends during this time as well. it can be difficult to move but i believe you will get through this.
i think most studies have a long exam where you can't complete it quickly. if your studying is long, you don't want to wait.
yes, you can learn courses, you need to get your study done and just study.
i think if you need online classes make more stress or you will get depressed and you will have more money to graduate.
well, what is your spending on online classes?
i am totally glad you talk to me now.
you are welcome.
good afternoon!
it can be difficult to cope with the current situation, you should press quit first and take the survey.
maybe an honors course could help you if you take it now? it's important if you are prepared for it.
ok ok, so you are scared?
it is not the case with all online tutors at the moment, it is just the pandemic with students here.
i can understand that too. sometimes college counselors help too.
in the meantime you should learn a few exercises you already know, and then some techniques you didn't take first in high school. learn to do a little bit deeper and focus on what's going on, so your studying is only going to increase your confidence. and then in the meantime take your time
that's awesome. i am confident that you can do this! what a wonderful class you have!
i hope i have been able to be of some help.
what's the reason you are being worried?
that sounds like an odd set of quizzes! i went there myself last semester and that's so frustrating! i can relate to that!
so, you have extra time during school, is that correct?
have you studied in other institutions besides university? have you tried any of these websites? maybe there is something online or online that can help with support groups?
i think that is the best decision that you could make. i have been in a lot of stress before, but even a day at a time will help a lot..
i am really proud of you! when i was in school, when all my papers were over, i was still in school and kept reminding myself of everything that i had to cram for. no stress! that means the days you are studying are the last month to go! maybe time to relax and take some
so you could at least be there to get support from school while you are out?
i'm happy that you had a good rest.
i'm sorry to hear that. i was on the medicine boat once for a month and it took me more than a year to feel better.
are you doing online work?
hello.
what is the issue?
what may be making things difficult for you these days?
i'm very happy to hear that. would you like to discuss more details?
there are a lot of government agencies looking at the pandemic and pandemic situations.
there is very much you want. do you know why? what are some ways you have tried to avoid trouble this year?
you're very welcome! do you have friends or family you can call?
i am glad you stay safe too! are you aware of any local people who might be affected by the pandemic?
yes that's great that you're finally finished your major. and i hope it's useful in the future..
sometimes all of the pressure is worth a shot, it can be overwhelming sometimes too. let's focus on the positives.
is there anything else i can do for you today?. your welcome, best of luck to you with your exams.
well. bye.
you're welcome.
i am glad to hear that. i wish you the best of luck and stay safe until the new year.
hello.
i'm sorry to hear that you are anxious about things that you don't like. may i ask why you aren't feeling more comfortable doing anything?
well, what is going on to affect you? are the other aspects of your life not working properly?
it's hard to say what is exactly the problem and i know you can make some savings in the short term! also, if you have a savings account, you can still invest in your own food and health.
oh i understand how you feel! is there any sort of therapy available that helps you feel relaxed and at ease?
maybe try asking the doctor about it to help you overcome the anxiety.
i was also worried about getting sick and not being able to get out of the house. I felt that all of this was for the best and i felt extremely helpless. have you tried any sort of counselling services if you dont have anything to look forward to?
that's a great idea! should you give anyone advice?
okay i know that a friend of mine lost her job but she was able to talk to me about it and i know her situation and she thought it would help her to be better.
thank you! i'm glad that i could be of help, do you have anything else you'd like to discuss with me?
no problem i hope that you get well soon and take the survey.
i am really glad that it was a non negotiable offer.
well, you too.
hello.
well its totally understandable to feel that way sometimes. i am also here to listen and help you. it appears as if you are feeling stressed out and worried about leaving the house because of all the spreading virus.
i totally understand. it seems like all our anxieties are a reflection on our future by the virus itself. this pandemic has been going on forever. there are plenty of new ways to get things moving!
yeah, i really wish you the best of luck! i know it seems like that is a really difficult decision but i think you can do it. you seem like a pretty rational person to me and i know you are nervous about the vaccine but i am sure you are able for the vaccine very quickly. it
i had a lot of anxiety a few months ago due to covid, but i am glad that your partner is understanding enough to provide for your needs while you do your work.
i understand. i have also struggled with finding time to spend alone. but i have found some time in a quiet room helps, even though i'm stressed and feel alone.
we need to take care of ourselves first then begin to build on that habit by taking precautions you need to maintain. no amount of exposure therapy could disrupt your self - confidence. i would recommend a group group that shares hobbies from your favorite hobbies, get a workout in and stay healthy.
i understand. just know how difficult it is. even though you have been sick for the past few months, you have continued to build on your skill set to become more independent and efficient in dealing with issues outside of your control. i think its a great skill you have to acquire, and hopefully you will be
when people are feeling stressed or upset about something, it's best to try to maintain the same mindset. your mind is a healthy one - there are other people in your situation whose reactions span the same time. you are not alone.
how about meeting a group dedicated to improving our outdoor health? you might find a support group. many people are in this situation.
no, i don't think so. please do what is right and watch the news. there aren't too many other outlets or people doing the same thing. stay safe, good luck!
that's been nice talking with you, thanks for discussing this with me.
how are you doing?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i would suggest finding an activity that i enjoy or reading that you enjoy as well as participating in an activity you enjoy doing. i definitely recommend setting your own pace and staying quiet in a quiet moment with something you enjoy, such as reading, or playing with
how long ago did they see you?
did you have a family member or friends to talk to about what happened? this may be a good time to give them some support.
do you think it might be difficult to talk to her as you're not fully sure how to move forward though?
and being available is also an asset to others. i think she will come out of this situation looking more like a healthy person.
yes i know it's so hard to see her coming to visit us but i know you will get through this! it'll just take just a moment!
yes i'm glad you could chat with me! i hope you both have the courage to leave this abusive relationship. i'd love to talk to you as much as you can. have a wonderful day!
hello!
okay so do you have any specific reasons why you are not feeling good?
i am very sorry to hear that. have you tried working out any way to get out?
i feel very bad for you because you were living with him for 5 years and yet he had all these liens in his name and got all that extra money out of it. do you think that might be contributing to his poor situation?
why you think it is a good idea to stay in your room? it sounds like you are suffering in a major way from this situation, especially with your situation.
you can keep your distance : ) or at least stay with friends. i can see your need to stay with your friend, and keep looking and trying, and i think you are just making the right decision. i have been through three breakups too, and we should be able to find a place to live
okay that's great to hear.
i am very glad that you are looking past it. what's not important now is getting to safety if you can't get there anytime soon. just stay strong! you will make it.
hello how are you doing today?
are you getting any sick leave on your side? i am seeing symptoms of missing out on school.
yes, you will have to learn to read, study groups will be online too.
i don't believe that you should feel this way, however, i can say that you are working hard to meet your academic goal and make your grades come in higher. even though covid is already over, you are trying your best to do your best.
i think that's an excellent idea! it's good to do that, you're doing the right thing in the long run!
i think most schools have offered some discounts and discounts for people who cannot obtain a degree right now. do you pay for your own time and your work?
you could sign up now and use zoom to complete your training.
you are welcome. also, is there an online meeting you may want to explore? or perhaps a meeting in person, this way you can decide your own topics.
hello, how are you?
what is your name today rob? it sounds as if you have a hard time.
i am sorry, rob is your name, right? rob - i am your wife and that makes me sad.
we are pretty bad. it sounds like you seem to be feeling as though you are lacking something in your relationship and have not addressed it.
the fact that you are seeing him is because he has been pulling away is so hard, i can't imagine.
so when we argue, have you tried talking to him about how he is feeling?
oh no! can i suggest there are actions you are taking that might improve the relationship without arguing?
okay, good luck with your try and get out of this.
that is quite a long time to wait. where are you?
i understand. we're going through a hard time right now. food banks are desperately needed right now, especially in this uncertain times.
i can relate. i have been in a similar situation, and i was also made to feel that people hated me for having food banks.
your feeling upset is a normal reaction from a society that depends on you for support.
if you really need it, the only other option is to give it a go. even if they do not offer adequate help, you should consider finding a charity.
it sounds as though it may be affecting your ability to obtain work so you don't want to feel ashamed about that.
well maybe you could approach a charity group or even a local local council or city councillor to get an idea of the help you could need from time to time?.
i am glad to hear that! i hope that in the new year things pick up. hope that things will start looking up.
well try to find something interesting, new people will enjoy talking to you. do you have a family?
are there other organisations that you can connect with in order to get some closure on your situation?
well there am also the situation in the US right now with all hospitals shut down : )
there are many places that might be able to help you. bye : )
hello, how are you today?
why dont you have anything to give your kids christmas gifts?
i am sorry to hear that. when did this first happen?
that does seem terrible, but i understand completely. how have you been able to find enough money for your kids x - mas gifts?
i can completely understand your concern, especially with all the holidays coming up. i'm definitely glad you are able to get some stuff from Christmas!
i understand, i mean, it's possible that you are missing some things though. if perhaps you focus on your kids, you will have even more time to enjoy your own work as well as your family?
i just got it, i've been out of a lot of money for the holidays and it always helps to try different crafts.
i think one thing you could do is get your kids to help you. this could be a very small part of their annual christmas get together.
maybe you could consider doing a scavenger hunt for new decorations as a way to keep up the interest in your kids. this would be a great way to give them a little bit of something to take pride in!
of course! if i had to pick one one thing, i think we could make sure to put our nose to the grindstone and learn more about the world around us. maybe some of your craft ideas might work with adding to your holiday décor? it might just be worth a try!
well that is a good approach. i'm confident you can find something that will work for your kids!
it sounds like you're enjoying the time off work! can you tell me more about how you are getting your projects started?
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing good - how can i help you today?
i can understand why this is bothering you, is it the first time your friend has been ignoring you?
what is making you feel this way?
oh no, you are not strong enough to make friends as an introvert. you can feel the pressure of a lonely person or it might be a reason why people are ignoring you.
i understand your feeling if you ask your friend to tell you the truth.
you have right to feel sad sometimes.
i like to say make new friends because the people you like more help you when you are sad.
i believe that you are a very good friend. your friend can make more friend because you listen to their point as well. you deserve to make friends.
are you trying to make new friend from your old friend you can start again.
take care, good luck to you. bye!
hello, how are you today?
i see. what would you like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. would you like to discuss the incident with me?
i can understand why that would be troubling for you and your feelings. did you seek professional help or support from your friends? are you a female male?
yeah a good introduction and i hope i can give you something to think about.
that sounds like something i can't relate too. is that the reason she picked the fight with you is because she thinks it is because of your sexual issues or because you are gay?
well the baby probably comes around soon after you, and would be upset with you. how do you feel about this?
if she does not like your actions so much then i think you should stay away from her and get over it. are there any other things that you personally feel like you have been doing so far that you want to get help and support.
i thought about reaching out to her or just letting her know you are here to speak but you don't know what's going on.
i hear you on that there's a reason why you want to forgive this person. did it happen at your house?
hello! how are you feeling today?
i'm so sorry to hear that you're feeling bad about that. did you go into school because of exam pressure?
that's awful..
i can relate too. have you tried talking with your school?
that sounds like a difficult situation. should you try helping others at home?
it sounds like your friends are being insensitive because you are depressed. maybe if you talked with your friends they can help give you some perspective and you can find someone that your truly care about.
my favorite thing to do is try and sing to myself in order to calm my mind.
what kind of music do you like?
if you really hate your parents then try to tell them you are here for them but have a good attitude about it. have you discussed any potential ways you could help them?
this is exhausting, but i think you are a strong person. you are doing the right thing. i know this can be hard for you, but you can do it.
you might feel scared to approach them and perhaps they would not like you to do anything especially during this tough economy.
you are no problem! i think you just need to take some time to recover and get some rest.
do you mind thanking me for your time.
wow! : ) how are you today?
hmm, is it possible that you have feelings for her without knowing she? if so, what type of feelings were you seeking?
i agree. don't worry about how long you were together or how long ago. keep in mind how long, you have been together and will find happiness with a partner.
i saw your past - boyfriend / girlfriend / girlfriend talk to other people? did she feel the same way when you met her?
when does this start?
have you tried to get professional help for it? being with other people shows that you care and are being smart. it is possible to give yourself time. and if you give someone time, you will find what works for you.
i saw yourself in other relationships where you are given the chance to move on. there are also other people who are better than you or perhaps are not as interested in you. i have done these things with other women before.
what are some things you would like to do today?
i can tell you are a little nervous about the coffee date though? it can be stressful.
some people don't feel like they belong with you, as they are still there and don 't know you.
hello, how are you doing?
i'm feeling very bad.
that is a very scary thing to go through. how is the world treating you at this time?
i've had similar experiences. have you spoken to your doctor about this?
yes, a thing happening is causing you to take control of your mind. i am here to listen if you need me. what sort of problems are you having?
i think what you need is some guidance from your partner and time to spend alone at home. taking a few deep breaths are important.
that's good that you are trying to talk to someone about this.
hello, how are you?
i am sorry for your worries. let's be honest with you :)
how long ago?
you need to be able to be around your friends and family and not be in so far as you could be doing these events.
do you have support in your local government or community organizations? have you spoken to any local family members?
ah i haven't been there. was it something i could do for you?
are you close to your family?
that's awesome! my brother's fiance is getting sick and it's hard to visit.
it's just too bad that you feel you've not been able to contact them. are you able to communicate with them via zoom?
well, just know that most people will always be content with staying in their cities and living in their parent's houses. my son is going back to school which will be so much easier.
hello!
so you felt betrayed by someone you cared about but you cannot move on or show why? i am very sorry and would know better now if you were close to someone that you really cared about.
that sounds like a lot of effort. the only thing that can do is try to talk to them and tell them you care about their friends and you want to do this!
if you are in common with someone then maybe you should just speak to them and let them know if you have common interests and that they wont give you reason not to feel cared about so you may be able to make friends again. this is a good time to meet new people and ask them if you are interested
just remember to take care of yourself and never let anything make you think this will happen again! some people just like to see if they are able to express themselves.
it cannot be a matter of a cakewalk. everyone has to be accepted and the best way to make one connection is to accept each other's offer that they have the audacity to accept. but do you know if they're genuine or not?
i am sorry to hear that, that is completely understandable. it is a great opportunity to open up about your love for anime. i know some people are uncomfortable saying that but i would try to help the group find someone who enjoys it. when others dislike you they may simply be afraid of your judgment.
that is a great idea! i think if you want to show people your connection then go to the anime club. you will find a great group of people who share interests that are interesting.
i have felt that way in the past. it is normal to be nervous about that. but you are still an adult and it is completely normal and worth exploring.
i would suggest taking a few days off from school now. then plan your next time i get to meet friends and hang out.
is there anything else i could do to improve your mood today or today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
if you dont like how it seems i don't understand your child.
this is upsetting i hear you.
how do you explain to your kids that what they study is not what is important.
yes, it works.
that is what i hope does not happen when you send them their phones.
sometimes we help our way to a better place.
i want you to let them study like you did.
you give them their time to finish studying for the month. i'm sure they will do you great. you just keep your chin high.
bye.
i believe you will be successful.
hello, how can i help you today?
it sounds like you're dealing with a lot of emotions at the moment. are you wanting to leave or take some time apart?
it sounds like you are having trouble focusing on getting over a bad breakup.
i do have a master program that you have been ignoring.
it sounds like you are going through an incredibly stressful time due to this new challenge. how long ago did you think this happened?
there are so many things that you can learn from this experience. a master's degree can become a life of your choosing for you. it will be overwhelming at times, but i'm sure you can work through it in the near future. have you already reached out to your therapist for support for this
oh wow that is difficult as well but hopefully this gives you insight and motivation to take the next step. it's very good that you are continuing the journey.
is there anything else i can help you with today?
i can recommend a counselor at your school. some counselors work with other students to make the transition.
is there anywhere else you'd like to talk to that you are struggling with?
you too! i'm sure things will be smooth out!.
hi. how are you doing today?
i'm glad to hear it.
i'm sorry to hear that. can you tell me a bit about what happened today and can you help me?
it sounds like you are trying hard to complete your senior year but are you having any issue? i am sorry that you are feeling the way you are.
i am glad that we can talk and do some communication and i would be glad to listen.
do you ask why they are not able to complete the paperwork?
i see and i can tell how concerned you are about it.
the government has policies on that too that will allow students to get credits like an accelerated credit score or a lower interest profile. have you considered doing a full credit application?
i can understand that you will not be able to do a lot of online classes so i have asked for help from your advisor before.
i understand that a lot of people are in the same predicament right now with students like you.
you don't have to see him. this is completely a big problem but i know you can get help from others. can you consider applying for scholarships or grants in the meantime?
what would you be doing if you did it?
i can understand the stress. you want you diploma in religion and he can not help you do it.
yes i understand that you have the right to be able to get the variance. what do you think makes this situation worse? you can try contacting your advisor or see if they can provide you with the variance and help you through it.
but you can keep your dream alive and do not let it get the best of you.
good afternoon..
i am having a good christmas eve what's going on. what'd you like to talk about?
what i'm hearing about. my girlfriend broke up with me, did she have a good boyfriend?
i see. what happened? she broke up with you so she is not feeling like it. is that correct?
that's really hard.
maybe introduce her on christmas day. or maybe you should wait for christmas then see what happened.
yeah just give her time and you be free again it can't hurt for her to have you around for christmas.
also keep that self esteem up and keep your head up you know maybe you'll find someone with a special code.
is that what you can do to cope?
ok i think the best thing to do right now is leave yourself open to new options and let some time to yourself.
hi how are you tonight?.
what's the problem?
it sounds like you're really scared about your job being open to this. is that correct?
i am very worried about your job because of your behavior and they may be upset to know that you are drinking so much.
it sounds like the company is aware of your issues and takes steps to address them.. do you have any issues or concerns that they might be dealing with?
have you spoken to your union about it? if not i would be sure.
from what i hear you saying it sounds like you could be taking care of yourself in the meantime.
yeah it can make it difficult to talk to an employment counselor. i have been at ones who have a problem with alcohol.
yes i think in my experience it's important to be honest with them. do they have any ideas of ways you could make your job easier work?
i hope things do not go well for you though. however i know one way to work is to give yourself time. even if it happens overnight, there are more opportunities.
that's a very fair proposition.
have we ever tried to take long walks or deep breathing? maybe they'll treat your pain and make it more manageable?
that's a tough thing to deal with at the time though. people do get help from experts though and there's no cost either.
of course, i have never been to uk but i've had a go : ) you too!
don't be scared, just be open to it : )! and i hope that you are feeling better soon.
i wish to encourage you because sometimes rumours can lead to negative outcomes.
well, you are welcome.
hello. how are you doing today?
how could i make you feel better later?
i can understand how you feel. having friends not being happy with you can be a great support system. did you have a good afternoon?
i see. i can understand, i have been in situations like this too. would you like to tell me more about the situation?
i see. do you want to tell me what was troubling you?
oh wow, how long ago this happened.
i totally understand your situation. maybe they may consider it a misunderstanding and have some time to reflect on the reasons for their behavior and maybe try to talk to yourself and get your friend to realize their mistakes.
ah, well, there is no shame in being defensive, but a friendship in that doesn't mean you are being arrogant in accepting apologies for doing something wrong to someone you trusted. have you talked to them after finding out that they have behaved badly?
you too.
hey! why are you here, what's up.
when are you feeling that you can't find motivation?
what's that you're stressing over?
yes, i understand..
i'm hearing you. it sounds in a lot of people's world like validation isn't always a good idea.
you are welcome. so communication with other people about your situation is a good first step.
i know it sounds difficult but i know you can overcome this! i am here to listen and help and support.
i would have tried to start with breathing in deep water or if someone takes one breath at a time. i would do that too in case anyone finds themselves in a similar situation.
bye.
are you happy?
hello! how are you?
oh no i'm sorry that can be that way : )what paper did you grade?
i am sorry to hear that. it will probably affect your grades a lot but it could just be a result of bad writing? can you think of any reasons why you are failing or is it just your grade or have some other factors or other issues that are bothering you?
i can understand not getting extra credit is hard, but you have your work cut out for you.
i get that. then you got stuck in class. but you could not pass the test any better. maybe not taking extra credit would help with your grades, maybe you could just write a little more and then pass the paper?
i am sorry for that i completely understand that feeling.
oh so what are you hoping that it will just happen to be your fault : - )
have you called or e - mailed your teacher about it? maybe you could talk to the school counselor or a professor at his department of education and see if they need help with the paper but you could go through this again and write a study paper. you will get a grade above the last one in the class
sure try not to get taken advantage of. i hope your grades are okay thank you, your welcome.
goodbye i am glad i was able to help. you are very welcome, take care and god bless you!
good bye and take care.
thank you for talking.
hello, how are you today?
as a last resort, i have gone through difficult times in the past in order to seek another job. i have experience that i was unable to get a job due to covid which came into effect two years ago. is this something that has affected you in the meantime?
yes, do you have any references at all to help with closing this down?
do you have any relatives around that are supporting you at this point?
yes. you're trying to overcome your issues and seek out the best job at the most affordably possible time, so that you can manage for a while.
do you have any family members or friends in the local company besides yourself that might be able to help you out so that you could seek a job? and would you give it a try?
that's understandable. they won't be happy to take you back if you'd try to go to your local.
ok. so you are worried that maybe you won't be able to find the job in your current location because of the pandemic. so if they were hiring for your current job, then you certainly want to do that work. you also have to stay close to your friends and family. can you provide
it seems like we're all in a bind. however, we also have to manage. it's normal to worry.
i do have work. i hope you know you are not alone by worrying about this.
is there a way you can tell your neighbors this will help?
that's great that you're feeling optimistic. i wish them the best.
hello, thank you for asking.
why do you think you feel down?
i am sorry to hear that. what about you and your coworkers?
i think let's ask yourself what type of favoritism do you feel you will feel in favor of.
i would say if you do reach out to the office, you should speak to your peers who are speaking to your boss. you want to see how you handle the problem with your peers not speaking to you.
i understand. i was also given an option to quit early. sometimes i would talk to my friends and ask if it is something that i can do in person to change my coworkers mind or in person.
i hope that you get this. i think that you deserve to get respected at work and this is a real problem.
you get it. sometimes they do get their way.
have you talked to your manager about this?
sounds like you are in control of your own life, and that's great news. do you have any close family member who might be a good fit in your circumstances?
you're welcome.
hello.
hi.
what seems to be going on?
what are you having anxiety about losing your job the fear of losing a job is real.
have you tried looking into other jobs?
how long ago have you had your job?
yes i am very sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your employer about your feelings? often times it helps to express those feelings to them and get their unbiased opinion.
there are a lot of organizations that are offering assistance with jobs because of the pandemic. sometimes they offer some special assistance to those who are struggling with this situation.
yeah i think a good first step is taking time to take care of yourself.
no problem! have a great day!
i can definitely relate to your concerns and i know how strong your work ethic is right now!
not too bad! have you looked into any job search sites such as furlough or unemployment agencies? sometimes job search solutions will help to avoid the hassle of looking for a new job in a new market.
you are very welcome! are you feeling alone at the moment? it sounds like you are anxious, but what are some things you like?
yes, i reside in a little town called home where i grew up in. i also spent time playing video games with friends to take my mind off of the situation.
just from talking to you, i am really familiar with the area. i am in super i am pretty close to it.
hi! how are you doing today?
have you been able to talk to them about how you feel and explained why you feel?
i can understand how it feels. that may be why the professors lack confidence in you when trying to test in class. do you have any academic friends or family that you could talk to about the issues?
it sounds like you are going through a tough time.
i can start with some calming breathing exercises that helps to clear my mind. i would then watch some motivational videos on youtube or have a talk with the classteacher.
i am familiar with that. my parents started getting married about 9 years ago. i had the same thing happen to me and i made a lot of sacrifices to stay positive and get the degrees.
hmm i agree you are not alone. i went to my parents college and they didn't support me at all.
you seem like you have a good plan. maybe seek out groups in your hometown to help you learn how to succeed in the future.
it might help if you thought about studying online since that might be something that you can try.
that was nice to hear. i am glad to hear you are feeling better now.
hi, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear. is there something in particular that has caused you to feel tired and anxious?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to your body to let it know the fear is coming?
that always helps, i bet there are some helpful advice out there.
oh god, i'm sorry to hear that. the idea that you can't control yourself for longer may be why you don't get to sleep. do you really have an alternate plan at heart to help you sleep?
oh, well i'm sorry to hear that you're struggling with your anxiety and you haven't tried any medications. there are still support groups online about anxiety and insomnia. also. you mentioned that dreams can make you feel upset, but you've never had problems with dreams before since it was
i know that sometimes its best to talk about the issues with people who you care about as much as you can to make them aware of you in these times, and try to find those who care about you and you need to be able to talk to them again.
that's a great idea, exercise can help you sleep better and relax your body. if you do exercise consistently, it can really benefit you. i have found that once my anxiety levels increased, the longer long walks get longer, and the longer walks get shorter.
that's definitely crazy. i'm sure it is a problem. do you have any friends or family members that you could talk to about this?
you should be able to use your time at home to spend time with those you like by avoiding the real world.
that's awesome!
you're very welcome. listen to anything you'd like.
so sorry to hear that. thank you so much for asking. please feel free to continue chatting anytime you need to.
thank you for sharing!
how are you doing today?
what is going on?
it sounds like that is making you very sad. did you try to talk to people about the situation and talk to her about it?
i truly believe in you. do you have any hobbies or hobbies that you enjoyed to take your mind off of things?
could you tell me about your relationship last year? maybe you still haven't gotten over it.
sometimes talking with a friends or family member can help as well. i have tried to help friends who know someone else who also wanted someone else.
that is a really hard one for a lot of people. are you close with friends, family or close family?
you did the right thing by letting him know that you had some issues with the way he treat you. there is always a way to fix things. you need to take care of yourself and move on from this position. you did not want to be pityed but you deserve to deserve a future with him.
it is the same for many things. have a good head start on your life and try to find a reason for thinking that you are single. enjoy the rest of 2019.
hello, how are things going at work in the economy today?
that is stressful at the moment. i am so sorry. are you feeling worried right now?
it has been a long time, i know. i have been struggling with the same situation. do you have a good source of income?
i've been feeling worried but in the end it was really important to stay positive and keep positive. the best thing to do is try and work to keep your mind positive and give yourself time to process all these unknowns..
so i would say just taking it one day at a time, don't let it spiral into panic and then go crazy. you might even be able to get work back, that's cool.
oh i see? i would try to see if there are any job openings in your area that might be hiring right?
i'm sure there are ways to address this unknowns.
it sounds like you have great ideas and i know, but don't worry too much about the unknowns, and try to think of how your life will unfold after the covid crisis has been resolved.
is there anything else you need to do that would work for you?
okay, you can also do some work with a limited amount of money, have your employees know about that then, they probably won't have to worry about it.
that depends on the economy, it's a whole business. don't worry too much about that, your job is important. stay positive and stay positive!
you'll do great, and don't put all your irons in one fire!
hello. how is life treating you today?
and is there anything specific that you would like to talk about?
that sounds like worry and worry does do make you feel bad. why do you think that is?
that is depressing. i can understand being depressed. i have been there, it makes me nervous.
i have taken some classes on coping with depression. i think the best way to get it out of your system is to take some deep breaths and pray. but taking one deep breath and breathing will help give you a fresh air.
don't worry. you can get insurance for a new car. it could be a little tight but also some good insurance you can afford. i am sure your trying to get a new job will work out for you. if your still in debt i would recommend trying to go to an employer that offers financial
it's nice to know you can get things back to you. do you have hobbies in the meantime and just keep working on yourself..
you are absolutely welcome. you can also use your resume, mail, or credit card to get your resume and resume turned in. you will get a job soon.
well, i know it is hard for some right now and i would recommend staying patient and keep applying.
i am sorry to hear that. why is your situation bothering you?
i know you feel used and angry with me, and yet you are willing to help out. does this sound true?
i understand that. it seems like you are feeling powerless and isolated by your friends and family. have you been able to express your fears to them?
sometimes people who care for others as a consideration are surprised by the actions of a friend. i have felt the same way, and i know it is hard to come to terms with this. sometimes people do their best to offer a special friendship when they need help. people act like this sometimes.
i hate confrontation because i understand how hard it can be to be ignored. i would feel very bad if i let those feelings come up - do you have any conflict with your friend that you like a lot?
i think you can do that yourself however, no one deserves to be treated like that. i wish you the best but i think getting upset should be the best option if you want to end the relationship properly. perhaps you should do something about the situation quickly to help move things along instead of rushing off.
that should be an option. i can completely understand why people will never be available unless they have been asked to do so. it may be helpful to communicate your concerns with them, and perhaps explain you are not being forthcoming and this is causing unnecessary issues.
i think you need to have a long term conversation with them to see how that goes. if they don't care about you, it doesn't sound positive.
you are a very professional and very dedicated person. i feel lucky that you took the time to chat and write your feelings down and tell them how you feel.
good morning! how may i help you today?
hello!
that is a tough one to go through. when in the past, when i was feeling sad, i searched the Internet for depressed people and found a group that helps those who are feeling the same way.
i see i am guessing finding another job is a great idea because you will have money and it is just like new money to you.
i can definitely relate to that you have gone through your worst time since losing your job.
have you reached out to any professional organizations for help with resumes? we are not all therapists and we are all able to reach out to help with these things too i understand that.
that is just a lot i don't know how it works.
i am happy to listen. i am happy you have the support and encouragement to get through this.
i know it is hard to come out of depression but i know you will find some new normal within this time frame. maybe you should try going to therapy and taking medication. it is a great support system.
i can tell it is a hard time but hopefully you can move on.
you don't have to do anything wrong but you have to stay positive and move on.
you will see a little bit of light.
you are welcome.
of course and i'm glad i could be a great support and keep your head up high.
hello how can i help you today?
that is a terrible situation to be in, can you think of something you'd like to talk about?
i can tell that it is an absolute nightmare. this whole thing has really upset you and make you feel very bad. i know how hard it's been for you, and it really hurts me. do you have anyone in your life who is immune to this pandemic?
i would hope the next step is to try to talk to them to try and find out more if it was true.
if you are feeling very upset about it, i can imagine how difficult it must be for you to try and negotiate with them. would you be open to discussing your issues with them?
there are a lot of organisations out there about helping people through the pandemic. when you worry about things you could become overwhelmed, you need to make sure you have to think about your options if you wish to alleviate the anxiety. did they ask your permission or were they giving you more details specifically?
i remember how anxious i was during my last crisis. did you get in contact with my co - workers and discussed the situation with them?
and that is the only valid reason they could not wear masks. when i have problems with my work then i don't understand why they would not do this, and they are scared and anxious. have you tried any yoga classes to keep you calm?
do you think the masks are being inappropriately placed at work?
that is something i would really suggest. i would suggest talking to your manager and coming to an agreement with everyone who is struggling with this and then asking them to explain how they are feeling at work.
i am glad i was able to help. may i ask why you are not wearing what you want?
hello how are you today?
i am so sorry you are feeling sad. had you talked to him about it?
i understand how that feels. you should let them know you miss them but remember family makes life easier.
i understand not to get nervous but i have also been worried about my family and i know how anxious that can be over.
yes the winter is here we are getting colder and snow is making things difficult for us. i feel the same way but i just ask myself what about your friend's passing? are you on facebook or some other social media platforms so you could try to access your friends and family and find some closure on her
oh what the world is like with covid. i was in college and was able to read through my entire college career. some places were pretty free. my friend's father went away to be with his wife and had a baby. that made me feel guilty not being able to see my family personally.
i am in a lot of trouble believing that as long as everybody stays safe their whole world will be cool. even though we have severe weather we try to stay in touch with our friends and family by calling and texting if they really ever have any issues with covid. our thoughts are with you, however are
i hope that you all have a fantastic night.
what sort of relationship is he?
so you see him several times a day when he is not here and is not seeing you? do you think you are going to be able to accept the ending or see him as the man he is now?
i saw that a couple months ago when i saw him a few months ago, i know what he wanted to do but didn't really want to engage for some reason. it's not something i want to lose, but.. what is your favorite guy or things that you don't like?
ok, and what about blocked notifications?
i think you should take the chance. but you have a right to feel sad.
i really think that everyone can be lonely due to the pandemic but you could also try to move on from it..
i would get interested, see what happens. maybe you will meet someone soon.
that may be something i can help you with. you deserve to be happy!
what do you do in the meantime?
i think you should start by saying that it won't work, i am sure.
you are welcome!
hello, how are you doing today?
what bothers you? are you feeling angry?
that's very understandable, my friend is acting like that to me. i have had the experience at a friend that i used to be friend with.
ok so i read that you might be upset and you think maybe she might not care and that is your fault? i would be willing to help if that is what you would like. would you like to talk about things other than friends?
i could do that, but i know others have the same problem, i would try to talk with her and ask for how to get an even better deal.
not having to say. just keep trying to share the conversation with her.
it is normal to feel this way sometimes, some friends are so accepting of being taken their space is important too.
what do you think might be going on?
what would you say then if it won't work?
you are welcome.
yeah, i know it's no big deal i hope you get through this and forget about it. have a good day!
hello how are you tonight?
i see. that sounds really difficult. you are really trying hard to make friends with people you care about and have been through too much, which seems like a hard thing to do. what are some causes you are sorry to hear?
i think that is a real issue. what makes you feel that way?
what is your problem? i am sorry to hear that, do you have any idea what a drug is?
oh that's what i hear you saying.. but there are groups dedicated to it.
i do try to talk to a groupist that is independent of traditional men and women. perhaps look into getting a tutor or therapist on your behalf to help you navigate the pandemic.
well, is there a specific time that you would like to talk to your religious friends or loved ones?
i understand. have you sought some support from other religious institutions that might be willing to provide information to your fiance in a more intimate way?
not that he is likely to make a big fuss about this, but he can probably relate to it. are you close with your fiance or could he possibly be thinking about his feelings?
i know it is hard to keep in touch with people in reovery. you mentioned that as much as you can by text chat, and that these are all local groups. do you think that may be of some help? i could tell you that you really wish this to go through all the steps you would
you are welcome, i am here to help you with anything that you need.
hello! how can i help you today?
that's good to hear. i can relate if you have bad news or sad. please tell me more about the bad news.
i understand the situation unfortunately but that does not make things any less difficult.
perhaps you can have a conversation with those other co - workers who are looking for you to step up. you know they may not be aware of the situation or would feel uncomfortable because they haven't heard of it? how can i help?
how did you feel about that because you were not offered the promotion?
that's probably a tough situation to be in as you could be having your job revoked or something like that.
i understand it is difficult and you would like to find something positive but that is not something you will be able to change. once you find what you chose, it may be worth contacting your local state board of education.
it sounds like you care deeply about your work and may appreciate it even if it is all going to be okay later in the year.
it sounds like you're doing a great job and are looking up to your coworkers.
i can relate to your situation. i was in the same situation one year and had to cut some hours just to make sure i was doing what was best for me.
you have been there. i know it's very difficult at this time but we want so much for you and you are doing the right things to show your company that you've got the skills to succeed in your new field.
yes i am happy to listen. stay safe and good luck.
hello! please let me know how are you doing today?
hello there.
i feel that it might be that you are resentful because you did something wrong instead of achieving what you thought you would have done at a previous age... i am sorry to hear that.
that's understandable, as i've had experience with this too. i can relate to it, as being a young child means being upset at what you were doing previously.
are you there to discuss your feelings with anyone?
if you consider that you have been trying to work hard but that is not what you have achieved so far, do you think?
i would just recommend talking to a professional psychologist in your area, and asking if they could help you?
so you are feeling stuck in a world you really do care about? etc.
yes, it does, i think it can be. maybe think about the whole thing, but instead of seeing the benefits of " good " jobs, now you are seeing the harms of being " " old "? do you think there are ways you can learn from people nowadays more likely to be useful?
there are many organisations that offer free therapy and free sessions, i believe. i wish you the best of luck! - i hope you come out from this. i think i've been able to be of some help to you today, and at least you know what i mean.
yes, i'm sorry to hear you're unhappy with how you feel about therapy. i don't fear i don '' t have to give up - i may just encourage you at some point to go in a group and show your pain.
yes, i recently graduated from a community center in the area of autism, you can enroll yourself in a program using the " trained " skills already available. that sounds like some great skills!
yes that is something. you will be able to find help in real life in a smaller group, like a group you belong to. also, there are still people you can talk to after 15 mins.
yes i am happy to have you!
what is going on?
i can tell this is really making you feel sad, what has caused this situation for you?
that is a very deep lie, and would you like me to tell you this now?
just from chatting with you, i am very sure that his lie was meant to hurt you because you are a loyal person to him.
i see. what did you do to avoid this lie? what did he do to make you hate your friends?
yes, he lied to you as well. you know how long his friendship has been dating back to the past. that is a significant distance between friends. it's not easy to be friends with that long distance relationship when you have the time and energy to learn from it. sometimes, friends want to change
well, i personally do not think his lie hurt you, but it would hurt if he let you know how embarrassed you were about the lie.
it sounds like this feels like a very bad situation to be in. i also understand that you had a long distance friendship where this had happened.. is that correct?
hoor. how can i help?
is that why your co - worker doesn't like the guy?
is hr working in hr as well? there's a lot of help available here. maybe tell anyone in your company to speak up as you would.
is that something that would give her confidence in the process? maybe it'll get her to see a manager, and maybe ask them if they can help. they can't help but be supportive in case that happens.
have you considered speaking to any hr department that might be able to assist you with the situation? they might be glad to assist. i hope you continue to have a supportive and helpful attitude.
i understand. i would just go to hr and take up a meeting with her and discuss the issue and feel like she's important. you need to let her know you want to be your friend, and you want her to be valued out there.
you are strong and positive. thank you for talking about your feelings and hopes towards a better relationship.
it sounds like he's treating you poorly in work? and he're trying to do something that's not his responsibility! you're welcome.
its not true but it does get better. is there anything else that you could do that would help the situation?
i'm glad to hear it! i wish you the best for the future!
yes! you're welcome! good luck!
hi, how are you feeling today? is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i understand. when did this happen?
there are so many things going on because of mom that they are making you sad? i have been in situations where i let my parents have arguments and it is sometimes overwhelming when my mom gets angry with me by being around me..
i have been having my parents have issues so long.
it seems that you are having some trouble choosing friends not her. i did this myself about a year ago.
i think that you should tell her to stop and let her know how you feel and do your best.
yeah that is a tough situation to go through. did you talk to her about it with her or did she just give it more time?
you are welcome. you have freedom to choose your friends.
yes, that would be a good place to start.
ok, i'm sorry to hear that. if you show your mother how you can be friends and she can trust you to be a good friend, you shouldn't feel like you did anything wrong.
yeah. give her these facts and then she will trust you. tell her all you have about your friendship and how you feel with your friends.
not buying gifts is not always nice. you can always get a nice gift with a good message.
why are you doing today?
just do my best to be a good company and not burn out due to the pandemic. does there anything specific cause you're doing that you've noticed?
i hear you.. would you consider doing a course of computer science? i know we all need a degree as well..
i'm sorry to hear that. what do you think maybe your mental health is being ignored today?
it sounds like you're depressed though dont you think? i used to stay working for myself whenever i couldn't see any benefits from being older? but it could be better to go for a shorter career.
i am sure there's people out there who would be very sympathetic, i have some clients in our situation who have also gone through the same thing. but the reality is, you'd have to make the choices and do your best job. it's hard to be so young as to follow your
if they are really concerned about your health they also want you to look in to some job development.
oh! maybe you could sign up for a government programme that could help with your needs?
i'm sure you could try to keep working on that end of your career. even if it's temporary, it sounds like you don't know quite what to say.
i have been through a similar situation myself and found medication helpful. and i am glad it help. i wish you all the best in the future!
goodbye. i hope you find a way to live free.
you are very welcome. stay positive!
hello how are you feeling today?
you have a lot of good things to be grateful for. what are your biggest obstacles?
i completely understand that, depression really is a symptom of depression. are you able to seek professional help asap if you need some help?
ok i understand. i can see, that being a long time you are dealing with anxiety and depression. is there a way you could get it dropped?
what are you going through right now?
so you are very distraught over this medication, i am sorry i just can't help! how long have you been taking the meds?
i am really sorry from this whole situation, i would look to a professional like a health care professional.
i think that is an excellent start. what do you think the medications are doing to you that is causing you to feel like you are underuse and possibly harming yourself?
thanks. this is an excellent start.
hello, how are you today?
i hear you.
that's scary i hear. my kids are sad and we have no idea why the father is leaving us.
i can see why you feel anxious about letting go you are so mature. was it during a family crisis? i can totally relate to that. it's so hard to deal with divorce when so many are together.
well i am glad they start enjoying their dad, no i know it is not good for you and our kids to be separated.
what do you say about them not being able to do anything for themselves that would help them get along?
yes you are welcome.
i have had to learn how to say no because a lot of people confuse themselves with this new guy. it is a new identity! the time has gone and its the only way out. trust me it is better now than it was then.
you deserve everything in a man i can see. are you married and a wife?
have you reached out to anyone about the problem?
oh! that must be terrible!
i'm so sorry to hear that. how long have you been in a job where you had a feeling about anyone else? would you be willing to meet new colleagues who may be interested in helping you in any way?
i understand that. but i am sure you can think of some great ideas and take care of yourself.
i think that you should go work at normal pace and see if you can find another job. you will show up in the same situation as you did the first time and you will be successful because you are valued.
no problem you're welcome to meet with me. I wish you the best.
you are most welcome!
hi, how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. have you gone through any particular difficulty?
i understand how you feel, i did in college and public speaking in my classes was easy. i like to get nervous too when the stress wears off from a presentation as well. do you know others around you are taking this class? or are you just taking the class from
it sounds like this is a stressful class as well. yes it can be stressful to be nervous at all. did you study online or on the internet?
ah that is a completely normal role. it will be great to meet new people and have a lot of people around you.
it is okay to feel anxious during public speaking. do you have any teachers working with you? maybe there is some online training that could help you out?
is there any way you could practice video to help you out? there is a website called prayer warriors that is probably free.
that is so good! i am sure it is not helpful and your mind has taken some time to process this and it is important to be on medication.
yes i'm happy to listen and be your friend! it is a beautiful thing to be free from medication and anxiety. no need to apologize for being nervous as it has been an amazing gift. sometimes we learn many things and just use that magic touch to pass the time. if you have any other issues
are there any issues or worries that i might be able to tell you about? i hope that i was able to be of some help.
no problem, hope you are feeling better soon.
try and just remember to press quit and shut it down. i know you will get better.
hello, how can i help?
i'm doing okay, thanks. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. was there some way that you could try to express your concern to her?
i can understand how you feel. there are so many different scenarios out there that i don't want to seem critical. some are worse than others. others are better than others at times. they are in a bad place. it sounds as though you don'r sure about her, though ;-) i
i can understand why you would feel that your support is vital to your own health. my mother - in - law died in December 2013, so she was very ill when her father died. its only natural for her to think that way about those things. i would suggest talking to her but just be gentle with
there are many different styles of therapy that might be helpful for her. you might be hesitant to say what you aren't sure about because she might have more feelings than it may help. are there people who were really interested in counseling before you asking? many of the therapists you saw were not helpful about the
that is really difficult and can make you feel awful. i know you can only help her feel better about herself on her own : ) i would certainly suggest calling her mother to tell her how awful she is. you cannot talk to her parents about it without her hurting themselves, though. maybe say that their schedules
i think that actually might be the best way to address it because i think i would find my aunt involved in her activities to be as effective as possible.
i think a proffessional meeting could help you look into the problem. as a parent, i think that's a good place to start.
i saw that last couple of months. have you told her about it?
sounds like a good idea! you're very welcome!
i am very glad to hear it!
good evening. what is life like for you today?
oh sorry to hear that. have you tried speaking to friends or close family about why covid - 19 has caused your problem?
i am sorry, i know it can be very hard, especially during this pandemic. maybe remote learning can help with that.
i think it's time for a real shift in focus, and you want to become a more intelligent person rather than a passive one. maybe you can consider the options available at your local government level to see if they help you get through this, even though it may seem very awkward at first.
i have personally taken to exercise even though i know it works for me and i want the time to be alone. i also use a ball when i am in a deep end game. do you watch any movies or workout videos today? i like taking a run as well. it is fun for you as well
i myself have been drinking a lot since this year. and drinking is also an extremely common thing for people to do when they have a lot of pressure. i know it just sounds crazy, but it has never happened previously. you should be able to focus on things that you enjoy and not be so consumed with
yes. the winter will be more of a bear than bull. i am also starting a new hobby for my kids too. even snow shoeing is a great new hobby to do. maybe you could check out other different online apps that you have used and play games to get your mind off the situation.
well, i tried my best to stay hydrated and kept as fresh as possible. that helped me deal with my stresses and get better. i got myself the whole couch workout thing.
if i've been able to get a nice long workout, it might give you a bit of the mind away from the problems that are causing you. are there anything you feel like that you haven't thought about?
well, yoga is a great way to reduce toxic chemicals and reduce drinking problems. you are very welcome! we all have toxic issues and we all live in complex situations.
hello, how can i encourage you today?
i hear you are concerned about how your friend mark is using medication as a coping mechanism, and is feeling depressed?
i think for sure you have some knowledge of his behavior. when i had it happen before, i would not consider myself to have been on medication during this time. it was too distressing for me at that time. are you close to your friend mark or close friends who can relate?
it's incredibly heartbreaking to not be able to reach out on the same day to help others. it is very difficult to know when someone breaks apart or is not given enough due to medication. if he is refusing treatment, maybe you can try to talk to him about it more openly first, although not to
i know i have gone through something similar like that before. i can imagine how stressful that must be for you. you are doing a very good job, and that is important.
i've struggled with depression, but i find it incredibly useful to reach out to strangers.
they seem very nice people. so i would say you are dealing with your sadness and anxiety as well. do not let the paranoia and anxiety get the best of you. keep doing everything you can to try and make this work. it might be help to try to put some fresh air to it. it makes
that's always a great idea. i wish you the best and i know it will make you feel better! take care!
no problem! i have a few suggestions for you too.
i'm here, what seems to be stressing you out?
i'm ok thanks, sorry to hear that. why do you feel this way?
i'm so sorry to hear that - does the darkness make you feel blue?
i am so sorry to hear that. i am a young man. i like taking a walk... when i am getting tired, i like to stay calm and take a bath. a glass of wine or a snack. i take a shower after i am done with work. is there anything else i
well at least i am able to hear you! the sound of trumpet is amazing! i am happy that i am not limited to using it to make my mind happy.
in the mean time there's always time to find something to do and enjoy. sometimes the exercise might be the best way to relax, or to get away from the computer for a few hours while you rest. but that can and should be.
thank you for saying that!
thank you!!! i think we can use our time each day and let the world know how we feel!! that's great!!
you know me well i often walk to make sure i knew people there. i've been very busy going to meetings and finding new places to meet new people though i never walked alone. i don't need a destination though but just a walk and a cup of tea will bring me back from the hospital
how are your regular friends?
no problem!!! we're really done..
hello? there, how can i help you today?
hello, how are you?
i'm good, thanks for asking. is there anything bothering you today?
is there anything that you'd like to talk about today?
maybe you could tell me more about it. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
yes, i've been a busy person too. i am grateful to get the opportunity but I can't do any of that right now because i'm afraid it's going to get worse without me. do you have any hobbies you enjoy or interest in, that you feel you could enjoy?
i can see how that makes you feel. i used to have a big group of friends and friends that i just met. they were there for me anyway, I've never gone without any of my friends in my life. it took me a while to get over it however i found some old friends that
you had fun! i wish you all the best! i'm glad that you were able to join me!
yes. remember many times to take care of your self. time is fungible. perhaps give yourself credit for being the example you want to be so i don't feel guilty. in any case, we still need to take time for ourselves, so i do think you are a strong and intelligent person.
i am sorry about that! that's probably a rough situation but you can try to find ways when you're ready to let your kids have the time. we never know what is the big deal! we are all guilty for doing things that matter to us. so you feel powerless when you do something
hey there, how are you today?
i am ok, sorry tbh, can you tell me what brought you to this point?
yes really i am. you seem to have lost touch with a significant person? what happened to be so important?
can you share more of your troubles with the world today?
i miss him too to understand it, so now i try to let my anger fade. this is a scary time but you can find some new self!
i'm sorry to hear that. i have also lost my husband.
so, with time you can begin to move forward. have you started to work on projects that enhance your self?
we should start focusing on the future and see how it all turns out. be happy for your future.
what about what were some things that helped you or made you happy? it is true. we lose our normal.
in this situation you are not alone.
if you are not sad do do yoga. you will feel happy.
i used to be a student as i got tired of classes.
i feel that way too.
i think you will find better at this time.
i totally like love movies. i am glad our country is getting more active but try doing other activities.
i think you should also take a good long walk but you dont want to go crazy.
and be honest i hope that your feeling much better. keep your chin high.
yes if you are going to find hobbies or something to be happy with maybe try to go to yoga or other forms of exercise.
bye.
you too.
that's all you need. you need to talk to me.
maybe you should try this?
what is your problem with walking? or are you getting tired when you can walk.
hello, what can i help you with today?
ah i am so sorry you are struggling with this. have you talked to anyone about your loss?
the pandemic has destroyed many peoples lives and took a lot of them for granted. it's hard to deal with when everyone has someone to care for you... if you don't have anyone to sit and talk to, you can do things your own way. do you have people you can
it sounds like your husband may care to be a good comfort to you.
i hear you on that. the only way to get through this is by getting yourself some fresh air and a pet like a rooster. it's hard when the world is a little crowded and you need that alone.
of course. what about your dog? a pit bull?
you sound excited and nervous about it. is the puppy your favorite?
of course! i can understand your feelings. i have been in these situations in the past! i know it's uncomfortable to be away. but staying at home is not something that you want to do anymore.
you too!
i hope the new year brings peace to your mind! bye!
hello. how are you doing today?
yeah, is there anything on your mind that is bothering you?
when was the last time you were together?
wow that is very hard. i have also had people do that at parties for me. we did these things to get our own money.
i completely understand. have you spoken with her? she may have been deaf.
goodness, perhaps you can be honest with yourself? just tell her that you truly love her.
what do you mean your face is not important?
if she is a woman you need to tell me a bit about yourself - how long were you together?
well you're on the right track in life anyway, it seems. one day you might be able to give up your " aim " and start working on your future. do you want to discuss this with her?
anyway, i think all of the above is true, and i know you will be fine. but remember, the person you are seeing now has something more important to do. just know that there is someone else out there looking for someone more trustworthy than yourself!
i do not feel that way - i do not think it is right in any way to waste time on someone you trust.. and perhaps not having the eyes will see what's going on.
i think you're too old to get married and have kids anyway. i think you have to sit it out and not rewind the relationship.
and, i know that it is a scary but important thing to learn to give it time.
i hope things go alright soon for you.
hi! i'm sorry about that. how are you?
hi! how are things going with you after you started feeling like this?
i have had the same thing happen to me before, but it was from many years ago and i just realized it must be frustrating.
if you thought you were doing everything right and she ended the relationship, you were shocked when you found out.
i can relate to that feeling. i was in a situation where some friends ended their relationship and found happiness in another man.
it may be time to look back and remember them though, but remember there are a lot of people who are struggling and that will make you feel better about yourself as well.
so it sounds like you are feeling down and a little anxious about things? i would suggest some time to reflect on the relationship and find some new goals to pursue. perhaps taking a few good photos of one another and reminiscing with your friends might be something you can do to get to a happier place!
good luck with your trip!
i hope you are keeping yourself occupied. may i ask why your girlfriend ended the relationship?
hello, how may i help you today?
i am sorry to hear that. when did it begin?
i see, i understand. that is a tough situation. have you spoken to your job recruiter at all who may be there?
i think that is probably a really rough circumstance. it is tough right now. but the best thing to do is take your mind off of things.
i would personally support you staying home until the situation gets better and you can start looking for work.
i would definitely take a short break to help. i know it's difficult during these times and i know you can do it. it certainly will help with your hours.
i know in this pandemic these are tough times. i can't afford a therapist though.
yes, it might help you with your life issues as well. have you experienced any of these difficulties?
it's really easy and you can use it anytime you have time.
you're welcome! i'd suggest you check online for the exact details of how you're making ends meet.
you're welcome.
you're welcome! stay free, stay safe!
yes, i'm so sorry to hear that. what's the matter?
why are you feeling sad?
thank you for your reply this afternoon. have you been able to contact these friends at all? i know many friends are feeling the same cause and feel your lack of friend is causing them to want to talk to you. can you think of anything that has helped them to reach out to you lately? i would
i saw one similar situation when i was in college and i made it clear to my friends that i wasn't interested, even though i knew that i didn't want them to talk anymore, I kept telling them that i was still willing to be friends.
i can imagine how upset that must be like to you.
it sounds to me like you are being a bit withdrawn because your friends are not willing to be involved with this and you have given yourself an opportunity to try and make the effort.
have you tried reaching out to friends that share similar experiences?
sometimes people who are concerned about social distancing have to find a way to socialize with each other simply to occupy their time. you could try volunteering at a local park for someone who is concerned about your health and safety?
don't be nervous about it! i know it is the worst time to be desperate. but i believe in you!
your welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
how are you today?
how are you doing today?
i see, i have been feeling sad too so i imagine that has been been very rough.
i think you have been suffering too for a long time as a result of the trauma of your past, do you think there might be other causes of your depression?
i have been in that position where when i was raped and it took me awhile but i was able to get over it.
i also experienced trauma as well. i find it very difficult to let my emotions carry me forward as self - aware and open up to other people. my therapist helped me learn to live with my feelings when i was raped, and i find those feelings are very healthy.
that could also be good of a strategy to help you move forward. and you should be able to give yourself some time to process what you're feeling and see if you can get over the trauma there - this is a healthy time to start sharing these feelings with your new partner. you may be able take
i don't want to burden anyone in any way. in relationships both partner need you to be the person you desire and have the highest respect for you. you deserve someone who respects you and you deserve a husband with whom you are both open and honest..
that is so hard. if you feel comfortable in sharing your past with your old partner, it may be time to learn to forgive yourself. you have shown a lot that you are worthy for this new relationship. is that something that you plan for the rest of your life?
hi, how are things going tonight?.
how are you doing today?
that's really tough but you're also socialized to be at home. what has been making you depressed?
what stresses you out?
not everyone can be a part of the same! have you reached out to any of your peers who are in the same position or have you tried doing some other family activities?
i am so proud of you! i hope that i've been able to be of some help to you and show you can still exist and not be consumed with guilt. it is really important to remember to strive for high self - confidence.
do you ever find yourself writing down the things that you like to do or have found yourself doing particularly when the task in your favor is to exercise? i like to use exercise as a motivator and have the goal of reminding myself of myself that the things in my life will get better and have more results in
that is a great way to communicate your accomplishments and achievements. do you have anything else in particular you like to talk about?
hello! how are you doing?
i must be emotional. does everyone you know have been in a hard spot lately?
the world is going to be full of change right now. so you are sad because there are no signs of change?
that is definitely understandable. i have been in the pet sitters field for 15 years!
are you looking for anywhere that you can get with a professional resume. some people want experience, others, such as the internet.
i can totally understand that feeling! i have been having to take the same position for a while but i thought it could be really freeing for me and other people. it could also be a really stressful time. i hope this is a better year out there for you, and maybe you will have more opportunity.
i feel you. and i am a dad also. do you see yourself working part time or selling online wares?
i'm sorry to hear that. i spent a good deal of time at home while trying to find work. it was good to talk to you. it sounds like you're a very optimistic person who is taking full responsibility of things.
you are making it out of this situation! i hope the vaccine is enough to keep you home.
i believe you will find a job. the only thing you have to do now is take some time. it took me a while to forget that i was actually in the field and working there until the vaccine was released and i was able to give my name to a job listing.
i hope i have been able to have helped you today.
hello, how are you doing today?
i agree with you. i have had problems with sleeping, especially sleeping in the dark. i can relate.
yes, there are groups for all kinds of problems. the idea that you have found support is really important.
i have been there myself. but. i got very worried about this and tried to do a bit of research into some methods. i found one very useful, however, was taking some time to write down a list of some suggestions for how you could improve your sleep.
not a problem at all, there are lots of opportunities to adopt new, exotic animals. you might find some pet friendly people you may be able to talk to. i would suggest reaching out to friends who are close with you to talk about these problems with them.
i also got one from my father - in - law just a few days before the cat was born and he was given a lot of attention. in the long term, it's likely to be a positive experience for everyone. it could be a great idea to see how you feel about it : )
that is a very positive thought to have. i have had sleep issues the past few years and have overcome them. i believe we all need someone to talk to about our issues.
i believe i would recommend taking some deep breaths and resting your body in a soft place to absorb more air. will this help?
if you like what you see, perhaps do you consider online meditation or meditation before you go to bed, so perhaps setting aside time to meditate will assist in your breathing while you pray.
you are welcome. i wish you the best of luck.
my best wishes have been with you and i wish you the best of luck. i know it can be confusing.
hello.
that's tough. i'd understand why you're feeling like this, especially when you've been struggling.
i see, so you lost your dream job due to covid and are feeling a bit down right now? does that sound possible?
i understand that, it's been a very difficult year since we lost our jobs. perhaps it was time to start looking at some new opportunities and make progress, or try getting some new work experience?
i know i personally have taken steps to get healthier, but even so, there will always be some ups and downs. i really do have to remember to take things one at a time now, though though. and it definitely helps to look at things one by one. i don't think that many of
i use an exercise trainer called youk. i made a list of things that i loved. i also went to a chiropractors and went to church there.
i have never taken an aerobics class but i think there are many good benefits.
do you think you could get a cat? after you get married and adopt one, you can give them some food and a drink too! have you thought of that?
it's ok to feel down though so don't worry : ) the idea of taking on a pet is totally natural.
i think you could volunteer for food banks because they are generally pretty responsive. hope you can start feeling better soon - i wish you all the very best in 2018!
i hope you have a good day : )
hello i am well, how are you doing today?
i am doing well. is anything going on?
i am sorry you have to go through that.. has he been hard on you? he doesn't have the energy.
i know how it feels when you lose your job..
i see as they have no idea how long you have been fighting and your husband is ignoring you. does he have any other issues besides you?
i think just try to explain to your kids who need you, however it might be easier for them to understand. they will be more understanding when you try to talk to them.
are you able to go outside with your kids often? maybe that will open up avenues for your future and make you feel better.
i understand your hesitation and what makes you feel worse. i am sure that your kids are very content with you taking the kids and your dad taking care of your kids, especially when you have to stay out of the house.
it seems like you feel like you are the one trying so you don't do anything to fix. i know i have been in battles when my husband was in the same situation.
thanks. i hope you are able to continue to get through these tough times and hopefully things will go back to normal soon.
hello! how are you on twitter?
wow i am sorry to hear that. its a difficult time to be ill.
yeah but you could try calling a close friend.
i see. you are worried about the future..
if you are feeling down and concerned about the future, would you consider consulting with an agency that could be there to help you move forward in your life?
of course if you are not sure you will start looking there. is there anything else that might be relevant?
that is completely understandable. i am so sorry i am taking that extra cash but i am sure you won't have to get more. what about the military or a hobby? there are a lot of work opportunities out there that do employ people to see how things go if you can get the certifications.
is there anything else you would like to talk about with me today?
there have been many loans for different fields since the pandemic started and it helped me to try to make some money while on the phone trying to help others out too.
you are a very welcome. can you think of a way to save money? what kind of certifications do you think you could get for that while you have it?
that is awesome and i think you should look into certifications or other methods you can use to help your situation if you want to. it has been a pleasure talking to you today.
you're welcome and i appreciate your thoughts.
you are welcome i wish you the best of luck!
you too to worry now.
hello.
hmm, i see. you are upset over this situation? is it because of covid? is this something you are wanting to talk about?
what happened?
that is so bad. what did you know about the rumours of a relationship you never met?
if he doesn't do what he says and does not change it he is going to never change.
don't forget everything that happened. i know that in my heart, it will help to find something else. what about the other girsls? the others? the relationship could be better because there's somebody who cares about you.
that's a long time and i will never forget the time we spent together. it wasn't long ago that you really fell in love with him.
from what we have learned, it will all get better. just because he was cheating on you doesn't mean he was getting straight because he cheated on you, that doesn'T mean he didn't deserve you.
yes i would try to talk to him and see if you can truly change things. you might be able to figure out a new friendship and make new friends. maybe you should talk to this guy about your past relationship?
it's the best decision to make here. you dont want to give up just yet!
i think maybe trying to put some kind of medication on your regular will help you relax! i know it will t you get better.
i am sure you are more than glad to hear that. i think you should take the first step and put yourself out there in your life. no matter what maybe he didn't mean. no, you should let him know how you feel and ask why.
what would you do in a situation where you know you are different or that you can't be sure what he sees happening at all?
from what you have said, i can tell that you are so angry.
it may be hard to find love. you're very talented!
i'm glad that you are feeling better now! it's my pleasure! i'm sure that you really do find someone.
hello, where is i. how are you tonight?
oh my goodness, i am so sorry to hear that. is it possible for you to feel stressed?
why do you think your work is causing you to feel this way?
i would tell you to get back into the routines that you always thought you could do. sometimes, when i do long walks, i find myself taking a warm shower and putting some fresh air to complete my chores.
i hear you, i believe you have a special deal with your parents and that it is important to remember to always do the things you enjoy as much as you can. i would suggest scheduling a meeting like lunch or dinner or going to a movie, and making a list of places which might offer you enough time
you can see from the few messages that it helps you accomplish your goals for the day. even small rewards can provide benefits!
you're welcome! i truly believe that you truly enjoy these tasks! you are doing awesome!
oh,. what i use the most for me is to mentally check off accomplishments and reward myself based on the results. i can see how it will be extremely hard to do these tasks. i use jot down a list of accomplishments and rewards, and then write down what makes you happy.
i am doing well. why are you happy?
i can relate to you. we are experiencing this pandemic together, what has been making you feel this way?
it must have been great. i think it's difficult for you to be cooped up.
do you have any hobbies? does your work allow you to socialize?
that's great you have a plan. that will really help. are you able to see your friends from work and make time for your hobbies?
i have tried to find different physical activity to keep me physically active. exercise is a great way to get moving. do you have a schedule and routine that you can use to get back into shape?
i get it. i used a fitness gym last year though so i tried a lot of exercises. i found that these workouts were very therapeutic. they also helped me a lot during those shutdowns. and those days in a good way.
i think one of my favorite things to do over the weekend is zoom with friends during a storm. i zoom with them every few weeks just because i can't ignore the storm.
that's totally understandable. have you tried doing more activities that you haven't done in awhile like video chatting? i've found an excellent place here for short walks, for long walks, in a park that is close to school.
do you think that in addition to physical activity like walking, you could also have a close family meeting? i mean if you can physically meet one of them, you may be able to connect with a group of people at the park with friends already?
that's great. i'm glad i could be of some help.
you too!
anytime.
so you are feeling better? how are you doing today?
good luck! how are you feeling today?
it's so bad in the new year! i have been in this position too.
you want a work environment you can work in and thrive from a positive perspective. what should you work for?
do you think you can get through this time? i feel so good.
but if i did it correctly, you will always be the reflection of your children.
i wish you all the best in your future.
hello, how are you?
when the pandemic first started, everyone felt stressed or overwhelmed at work. do you know anything that has caused you to stress?
i am sorry to hear that. it can be very frustrating to hear people try to help you but she doesn't seem to understand that at least you are in your role. it sounds like someone was acting a bit clueless about how you were working at the time. is this correct? maybe taking some time
i am sorry, you need to talk to higher management about the situation to get a firmer understanding of the situation. what do you think will help?
i know that it's still a tough time but you are trying. i hope you find some good employment!
i’m sorry to hear that! do you feel the company is pressuring you because of the pandemic?
if you play the games, then it can help you keep working on your motivation. do you try working for any other organizations?
you're correct! if they treat you like that? or worse yet, they treat them like they have no power over you, then do not underestimate your talent or your talent! if it seems to you that they're ignoring you, it's an easy thing to do at times.
it may be time for you to take some steps, but it might be better to be confident. be grateful to your bf if they give you time.
hi! how are you doing today? hello. why are you there?
i'm sorry that that happened to you! do you feel that it makes you feel any different?
are you in the public service area?
i know that you are having trouble in trying and trying to change your appearance - there are quite a few items. i was trying to make a new outfit in my old style - it seemed like it didnt really seem like a good idea at the time.
it's great that you were able to speak to a counselor today. and it helped me see myself in a different light.
is there someone at home you can seek advice from? i know this feels very wrong but i think that you can learn to sew and alter your clothes for your good : )
you too. goodbye.
you are welcome : ) have a good night : )
hello, how can i help you today?
is there any way you can talk to your buddy or family about this?
that's a terrible situation to be in. what's going on?
oh my God. how did she end up staying.
so, you feel that you are implying that your parents are trying to influence you?
of course that's understandable, i can relate to that. is there anyone in your life that you can talk to or stay friends with?
i understand not much. that is not the best way to deal with the feelings of betrayal.. but a person can be a reflection of their own flaws and shortcomings.
my friend was very nice to you and you should be proud of her.
i think the most important thing you do now is stop talking about it with your friend. it's important you think you are being the best you could be. talk to your friends about these feelings and be assured that they will be there to listen and understand.
youre welcome. have a good rest of your day.
hello, how are you doing today?
you are not alone in this. you have a friend who may be experiencing anxiety about the situation, it can seem difficult with you being in the same situation.
could you try to talk to them through private messages?
i see.. have you tried going to a doctor to help out with him?. to let them know that you care about him and are there to help you if you don't? or tell them that if you can't help them, you aren't letting them choose their own path.
your not letting them get away with your actions? they are going to need your support. if he is not willing to give it much more than what you need, is there a way you can release it from your relationship when you're ready? you could take some time away from him though because you cannot
oh how are you feeling at the moment?.
would you be prepared to help if you shared this with others?
for sure. be prepared to be rejected later because sometimes it's not right to go to parties where people are not friends at all.
thanks for talking. hope you continue to use your real name to make yourself available to those who are interested. have a great night and stay safe.
i am sure you will feel better soon..
i'm glad i was able to help.. you are very welcome! you are a hero.
hello there, how may i help you today?
hi, how can i help?
there are numerous support groups that can be used to help you overcome these issues. i am very sorry to hear that you are feeling this way! you should continue to pursue those professional interests, especially if it is your boyfriend. are you in a nursing position when you feel feeling low?
i know it can be really difficult when your weight affects your relationship. what does it contribute to your weight and how do you look?
if i understand correctly, you are experiencing depression due to your relationship with your weight and your boyfriend do you think it is contributing to your weight?
when i was in college i also started a weight loss program to help reduce my depression.
i think that the most important part of a person's weight is their daily routine and doing good. there is so much to be done to prevent overeating. you are not responsible for getting your weight back. you can treat yourself to good quality food like any other person.
yes, it is easy to lose weight. but it is important to exercise consistently. is there someone out there working out today?
you are welcome i wish you the best in the future and i wish to encourage you. i am glad that is something that you can try now. and you have the power to get through this!
it is so important that you start exercising, when he is struggling with weight you will need to follow strong habits. you are the right person for this so you are not making the mistakes here..
yes that's true this is a tough time, have you tried exercising when you are tired?. sometimes you have to try to exercise because its your job to make weight too.
you have not done anything wrong, you are a strong person, you will get it. stay positive and focus on this goal. whatever you need so far, you can work on yourself.
you have no idea how long you had to wear a boot. i hope you have been able to get proper medical care and care for yourself.
the future is pretty bright, so enjoy the rest of your week.
hello how are you today?
is there anything you need help with in particular to make you feel less depressed?
i understand the feeling, have you ever tried to talk to a professional counselor?
so you have a child both having genetic disorders and your child are struggling with it?
i hope we are able to reach a resolution. have you thought of going to some sort of therapy?
well i'm sure she is 9 and two and your children should be with you though because they obviously deserve some time away. is everything okay now?
hmm i think in the end it all comes out and good from here.. it's really hard not to let yourself be stressed out so you're not to worry too much about it. have you considered talking to your child?
i'm sure he's tired of it, and it's the only way to truly stay in the dark.
you're very welcome, you will make it into a better person as well.
hello, how are you doing today?
i have been around some friends too! i would worry that would make you feel worse if she ever made that mistake or was a constant source of pain.
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried speaking to him about your feeling or what you've noticed?
it sounds like you are extremely frustrated not knowing he is acting out of your best interest! i know you are frustrated and you can't just avoid him : )
perhaps you can find some sort of resolution to get your friend out of your life and see where he may be coming from.
it sounds like you think that you are being rude and inappropriate talking to him in person is the best method. you just need to find some method of making him feel better and move on from this confrontation. that is the right way to look at it. your friends deserve something better than when we talk about our
it's very difficult to raise emotions and let them out into the world. i have dealt with friends, even one who has been seeing a " loser " for so long. this has happened to many people. have you tried talking to him online about these feelings or in person?
maybe try talking to your friend through video chat?
i am sorry and glad that this could be affecting your friendship, especially if you don't really need the help of a friend that you know yourself. but the one thing that I wouldn't do is risk to jeopardize the friendship you are in just because you don " t feel like you are the
you just need to let this one go, or you will just have to let him know that you guys are there for him and your needs. but it sounds like you guys need to tone it down.
hello, how are you doing today?
its christmas time again. i am sorry to hear that. is there any reason given?
there are many people that are broken as well. do you really feel that the holidays have not been kind to you?
that's an interesting concept. i am sorry that you are having to go through this the first four months of your year. when did you find work?
it'll be okay, just give yourself time for yourself.
that's really hard if you really do think about it. i see. how long had you been working there?
that's a great idea. i totally understand what you're saying now.
i think you are very smart. i've had a lot of success in the past though. i believe you will be pretty successful soon. you just have to remember that it takes effort. and when you fail, you have to put in the effort and effort. are you even still able to be productive
that's definitely a good place to start. this year has been super busy for you.
i believe you too.
yes you have. i think we can get more workers in the future if you do your best.
that is a great idea ; - ). i also think that updating your resume could make it easier to find employment. i did not get a picture of my name because of covid. i think a picture could show me you are a professional, like an intrepid painter or a stay at home mom
i just want to encourage you to try out new stuff and get your next job before the pandemic hits.
wow that is sweet, i think things can get better soon. do you have any hobbies that help with your resume?
yes thanks : ) i am glad i could help.
hello, how are you?
you're in a period of stress by not being able to keep your grades up.
do you have any activities that you feel you can do in addition to the assignments?
have you talked to them about their situation a lot?
ah, i see. i've been in situations where i didn't necessarily even know me, and i was very hesitant to go out for the occasion because i'm afraid i might fall behind in my studies.
i'm sure it will mess everything up, even if it won't. but keep your head up, especially if it turns out you haven't done all the work. maybe you just need to stick with it and start doing your best for the future.
it's okay to want people to be nervous about that, but you gotta think it's the same. as long as you put yourself in the best possible position, this year's going to be great!
yes, i'm glad i could help you today! i really think you're doing what you need to do to be successful in the new year : ) thanks for talking, and i hope this helps! : )
hello, how are you today?
is it possible that she is really cheating on her boyfriend?
have you tried discussing what you are feeling with her?
i see where that is going. i have been through the same thing. friends tend to react differently when they are put in awkward situations.
from what i have seen you have tried to work through your feelings. being honest with yourself can help to avoid making your situation worse.
is this your first time talking to her? i was close with her for almost 2 years and shared how i felt in that time when we were friends.
i understand your concern. i have had friends like this for years and found that the secret was important for me.
you are very welcome. you need now to be confident that you have a strong support system that you trust. you feel as though your friend knows who you are and is willing to listen to your feelings.
i think you should come to her first and tell her what your values are. you both value your friendship above all others and don't want to ruin it for yourself.
i think that is a great idea. i hope you can reach out to your friend first to help you understand. let us begin with more than just words.
are you married now?
hello! how are you doing today?
you are stressing about your work? is it being difficult to get your job done because of covid?
what is your paycheck to date? what do you get if you don't know what you are getting? are you worried about possibly having to pay out of work?
i know that's really tough at times especially with covid and the pandemic. i found a lot of places offering flexible work hours. and a lot working with sick people have offers that've come to nowhere.
oh wow! it is okay to feel anxious and anxious sometimes as well as frustrated. what exactly would you like to do when you are working?
i think your job title might be enough to get you through this. you might be very welcome : )
are you able to return to work anytime soon?
that's great that you're so hopeful, it's so great that someone would come along to talk to you and share their thoughts! thank you for talking!
that's such a great idea! help out any way you can! sometimes it's difficult not to panic, however, it'll be even harder to find some relief through everything that's going on.
that sounds like one really solid technique. i think you should do that and try to find a practice you like that's useful in your personal situation.
anytime!.
you too! thanks for chatting! i'm glad i was able to help!
hi! what can i help you with today?
okay, so you have a friend in your life you had agreed to with, but it wasn't for your pleasure. maybe you should leave her without asking her personally as it is her friend's excuse.
that is a pretty terrible feeling. and you should always try to give it time if it will help you.
and it appears like you were unable to provide any closure from your friend. do you have any friends with those you live with who are willing to continue to live with you at all?
ok, i know sometimes people need closure from a friend, like this woman who left to do the other things. i know there are lots of people out there who don't want closure, i could give you an example.
i can tell you do your best but think. i believe it is okay to let this negative feelings get the best of you. it is the best time to live your life, and act with understanding. your ability to do that is the same right now, thank you!
yes! i do remember feeling sad, and the satisfaction that the idea of closure was an option that was just shown to me by my friend, especially after the fact that i had just moved in with her.
hi how are you doing? i am happy to help you! how may i help you??
how are things today?
so you going to need to speak with me to find out how you are feeling?
i am sorry to hear that. do you feel like that is the reason you ’ re in an abusive relationship? i am so sorry that happened. do it make you feel any better?
a little bit now, so i'm just fine? and i was wondering why he did this. have you spoken to his close friend?
so you feel as though you should put it off, and then take it easy on yourself? do you think something would get you some closure, or something like that?
i've been in that position a lot, but when my friend did that she'd like someone to talk to about it. it just did not add up. if you are going to talk about it with others then maybe do some reflection and see what your feelings are like.
so you feel that your friends may have manipulated you into this? had they done this they might have seen things differently earlier? if not why did he do these things?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any children?
you're absolutely right, relationships are totally normal, and not just for you, you deserve to be treated fairly.
that doesn't sound like a good idea at all. do you want to talk to them about this?
ah, they don't seem interested in you, they want you to go through another one, that will make you feel empty. i know sometimes people need to be empty but let your anger get the best of you.
thanks for talking, i am so glad you are not interested in either one.
oh, i understand that. has your family been supportive of you?
so when friends get hurt - you can say whatever you want and maybe go to the movies, watch movies, do whatever you like while you work on yourself.
you are welcome.
i am glad you have some people to talk to.
you are definitely worthy, but you have made the choice to let the emotion consume you.
i'm glad to hear that. bye.
hi, how may i help you today?
what has happened?
oh i am so sorry to hear that! are there any current conditions that have brought you into trouble? i understand where you are coming from.
what kind of work do you do?
that must be extremely difficult. i know where you coming from. i think your supervisor did such a great job at protecting you at work. your supervisor should be able to stay home when the layoffs start.
yes, i have been wondering what type of job you might be able to get. where do you think you might end up after the virus ends?
and from that, you may be able to find them while working from home as opposed to home.
did you do anything else to help your depression? maybe going crazy? i have done just that and it helped take my mind off of it as well.
i had to go to a therapist and a psychologist, but i am glad that you were able to talk to me! i found that talking to a professional helped me a lot.
yes, you are very welcome. is there anything else i can help you with?
yes we will! hopefully, in the end we will get through this!
we are all so hopeful! please keep in mind that you are not the only one facing the hardest situation.
hell. how can i help you today?
i'm totally sorry to hear that, i knew your work was stressful. did you work at your previous job and what does it mean? sometimes it helps to not think about a job as much as you should, but also how you were.
yes, that can be sad when it's over.
i am so sorry to hear that : ), you finished up your papers well ahead of what was expected. that sounds like a good job!
wow, wow wow, don't let that stress you out.
hello. how are you today?
that's a long time, how are you doing today?
that sounds awful. what do you think about that?
i am sorry to hear that. it is very sad to feel like one of your best friend died but you have to figure out how to move on from him. maybe you can just write this note once you are done with the chat and talk about it.
that's awesome! you need to try to process things in one way or another and then try to be grounded in the fact that you were not acting badly then you will learn what to say about it.
yeah i don't feel like it you reciprocated the friendship by not providing it and it still bothers me when that seems like it doesn't work for me. it does. the friendship is important to me and i want to be better to you so i don ’ t see why you are feeling
that's great that you've been willing to listen and offer support at these tough times.
i understand. i also know you are feeling really down right now. would you like to talk about any specific issues that you are experiencing?
what about waking up in a uniform uniform?
i know this is hard. i used to have very low energy but then i started finding ways to put in exercise and fresh air to take my mind off of everything. i am sure that this feeling has been hard for you for a long time. it is only natural, we all have things in life that
how about when april is upon us? has she ever suggested that perhaps you start writing your plans ahead of time?
my sweetheart, i know it can be hard to get down, but i know if you keep taking these meds and working on staying positive, you will be able to do amazing things.
if you have a working position you can look into counseling and see what it is that you love doing. in my case, i had a group of people that I mentored for about a year but when i went in a relationship with someone who was different than me or my peers i learned I needed a therapist
i think you'll be able to find a more normal relationship with your kids or husband. what do you do when you are feeling down? just get out and take a rest.
i am glad that you are feeling better!
good luck!
hello how are you doing?
oh no, i am sorry to hear that. there are a lot of places where i spend time. i know it feels really empty and empty this year but it's not because of what people are doing.
i understand what you are saying, i personally grew apart throughout the pandemic when i was an intern. that is really hard, especially for you to be around your family all the time.
yes, social distancing can be felt when there isn't a whole lot to look forward to, right? can you tell me what happened during the pandemic to get your mind off it?
could you practice zoom / facetime for a moment, or maybe even a bit more video after midnight? this is a great way to start making the time for the people you love interact.
i understand how you feel. you are not alone in feeling this way. we all have been through so much this year! do you have a favorite holiday food or even family you don't mind sharing?
the weather has been terrible, and i think the pandemic will make things worse for you a little quicker. have the holidays been your favorite time of year yet?
i understand a lot of depression - but at least at this time we are all enjoying the holiday season!
you may need more of that time to spend outside since the holidays are over. if there is any new way to connect with your family, you might be able to start looking for something to build on these memories from this period.
i am good. there is alot going on, do you have anything else on your mind?
how long have you been concerned?
i know people who suffer a similar problem. i do know how intense it can be when you take a full load of online classes.
the problem is that you are in a position where you are unable to control your videogames and that is upsetting to you. would you like to share more of your experiences with me?
i suspect that you might have found it difficult to keep moving on, perhaps trying to go out with friends or relatives even if it is not for your personal needs?
it might be worth asking yourself if you are worried about you failing your school work? might you give yourself some time to catch this up to yourself?
well, and you might be feeling stressed too about things that you claim to be doing?
hmm, have you suggested asking teachers the school about this? i would suggest at least asking for the help of a counsellor.
yes, it is terrible that they won't even consider helping you? it would seem as if you were very desperate for a professional help.
it's very difficult to find a counsellor when you've really wanted to be in the top 20 or 10 - whatever. you are being honest with yourself and your situation there, i know it might not be your best option.
i am glad to hear that. you're very welcome. i wish you all the best in future.
hi, how are you?
is there anything you would like to talk about with me about that you are experiencing lately?
i hope you know that the pandemic has not increased and that you don't have any problems going to work. it's a rough time right now with all the global warming and the pandemics. if you can go out, i've highly recommend it!
i agree. just knowing that we are still in march is a great start. i hope you can stay safe and stay safe & well.
yeah that certainly is stressful. just know you are living and breathing for only a day at a time, and have some control over your routine and how you want to be when it is important to you. and it is natural, i think.
thanks for talking, i am glad that you are doing these activities. you may have a good idea of what you need to do to take your mind off things. are your family close?
thanks for sharing how you're feeling today.
i don't understand that. it did not make a difference but it does affect how we live. does this pandemic mean that more people see you as selfish?
i do feel very guilty for not taking precautions. and i think our culture is really pretty tolerant and accepting, which is a positive thing. also, do you live with other people? or do you have a partner who does live by yourself in other cities?
i'm sorry to hear that, this is a highly sensitive issue right now. i think we all need to let things go at some point.
yes, but really! in your opinion you're being selfish and choosing to do what's right.
you're welcome.
you're right. work is definitely critical. it's not fun to work outside and be lazy, but you can spend time in the park and your natural habitat.
it sounds like you're feeling upbeat. but there's still time for reflection. you're also right about the lack of productivity though, that doesn't sound as though it has been pretty productive at all. is it?
i think it's great you're here and talking to me : ) i hope you get your mojo going now as well, thanks to my talking.
hmm, i'm glad, we're all doomed to this. so you don't have to worry about lost time : ) just keep plugging away, and remember you're not all going to be a slave to everything at the end of the day!
is there anything else i can help with today?
thanks.
that's awesome! if you're feeling down right now, just keep doing certain things that help you out. i wouldn't really do anything that you don't already have. you don' t have to do that. take care.
hello!
when are you worried about the future?
that seems really hard. would you consider moving forward with your plans? is that something you'd normally never think about?
i'm sure it is. we are always vulnerable to these things, and it isn't just affecting us right now. does talking to you have any contacts you can use at home to let you stay connected during these times in your life?.
is there something specific that you are worried about or are you worried about?.
i understand. it's very isolating in the pandemic's real way!
the more we dwell on it, the more we think about it and take comfort in it...
and have you had any sort of contact with your family in the past? i've had some of those relationships break up and that can often help to release anxiety. have you tried seeking out help from your friends or family via Skype? perhaps they could offer suggestions to help you focus on your mental health and
and it's also hard to remember that the end of the world is not a good idea, but one that could be improved if you set your own goals.
yes, i've learned that we can trust with others, but with a strong heart, you are bound to get wrong. you seem like you are not the only one who's out there, with no one knowing, and you are an inside - out creature who has a special place in the world
that's your end of the chat session. thank you. bye..
yes, that is a tough situation i've been in.
yes, i know it's hard trying to find your own way to work through your feelings. i am sorry to hear your feelings though. and i am hoping that the pandemic season will help you find a new way.
i can see your anger, you know the way you are feeling. you will be able to get through this..
yeah if you need to know some things it helps to get out of your homes to meet new people even though you still see each other, this has been challenging to see eachother.
okay, i am sorry about that. i'm sure you can find some solace in seeing someone who is more caring and understanding of you.
i will try to talk to you even if he is not in your league. it's not his problem anymore!
that must be hard for everyone. i had the same problem where i was not allowed to see my husband because of covid.
i am sorry to hear that. try to communicate with me and tell me your problems so i can find out what it's like to split with you instead.
don't give up on yourself you will come out stronger then this will be an inevitable time.
it may be a bad time to be depressed, but you are not alone, you have to take the initiative.
you are welcome.
i hope they help you get some help.
hello how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that, are you doing well in school?
i see. do you feel pressure as a result of being in school?
i can understand how that might feel when you're trying very hard to do well, but can you give parents advice about this?
is there any particular aspect of your academic work that has caused this stress?
i can tell that you have been feeling overwhelmed in the past by this stigma on straight people. do you have a therapist that can help you understand this situation well?
it sounds like you are incredibly insecure about her financial support and i'm sure that she has no right to manipulate you by mentioning that money. do you have any family close to you that might be concerned about this?
i think it's absolutely not. i have also felt the same way of my schoolwork for years.
it has been a difficult life for me. my parents were very supportive when i was in college. i am sure we were able to get through it. life is a rollercoaster. but even i know it will get easier.
that is very nice! i hope that you will be able to find a job soon now.
you have great sense of accomplishment and feel proud of your accomplishment. you can do it.
don't worry as much about the social aspect - i'm sure you are able to make friends with your classmates and make new friends within your program.
i used to work in a student group but it wasn't as interesting. i really felt like i had nothing to give up on.
that's true. do you want to seek professional help?
i think that you should start to take an interest in the friends who are able to help you in these times.
i think that it could be a really good opportunity for you to get back into learning techniques and self - care.
hello there, how are you?
i'm so sorry. are there things that are stressing you out?
i can understand that. is there a way they could help you think of a solution?
i have had that happen but haven't had to deal with it in the past.
your having a hard time not telling them what you think is the most important.
from talking with you, i can totally understand the anxiety. some people like someone's reactions. others might just say you are very confident, and many people are unable to say they are confident because they are unsure about the situation.
i think you should meditate on your shoulders, you should sleep well after you have meditated. are there any people at your work who can help you?
maybe try meditating a few days before your presentation to try to regain confidence. if you don't, you can set your mind on what could go wrong, or even how to move forward.
yes, i have had similar experiences too. it can be frustrating to feel fearful, but a good thing to give yourself some space to think about what could go right. even if it doesn't go right, just think about your own fear in your present. and you will find something else to be fearful
what do you prefer to talk about?
well, if it sounds like things are getting worse, i think it's important to keep your head up.. i hope you have an amazing evening and you feel secure.
hello, how is life treating you today?
that is really hard to hear! can i ask you anything else?
there are a lot of different types of depression that are very common to deal with. i can tell how sad you are when feeling depressed, and trying to find anything is a pain.
the state of the world doesn't make you happy and you need to go to work! it sounds like you are feeling down a lot right now though. do you think going to work has causes your depression?
ok i can think of ways you can get out of this depression. perhaps they can help you in a way you need to?
you could write your thoughts down in an appropriate place and leave them somewhere. your thoughts are valuable. you are the first to express your feelings. you were making the right choice. you do not need to be overwhelmed.
i am sure you will feel better once he vaccine appears in this new year.
i'm glad she is able to provide some of your support by doing some of those things, because you are a very resilient person.
you are doing the right thing by being comfortable. simply try to stay isolated, keep your company, and keep your faith. things will only get better from here.
hello, how may i help you today?
do you have another paper due that would be close to your deadline?
okay, you are not going to do this, are you?
you are going out too.. i hope it doesn't upset you like that.
i can tell from my own experience that you will not do that! i am really sorry to hear that but i hope it helps. it's not your fault!
well yeah i've been reading a lot of peer pressure papers and trying my best to be as helpful as possible. can you try giving advice to your friend or other students who may not be drunk enough to help you?
that's one thing i learned from being a student, i don't overdo it myself : d.
is there anything else i could help you with today?
some people are just not very trusting of mentorship. just knowing that you will get a job eventually is proof you are human.
thank you I hope things get better in the near future. i think the worst right now. things might fall apart for now and it might be time to do some research but keep you safe.
have anyone suggested counselling?
you're welcome.
hello there, how are you doing tonight?
i understand. i am also really stressed out about deadlines. do you have the idea of doing what you'd like to do to move forward?
if I understand correctly, you are struggling with a deadline for a scientific paper that you submitted a paper to a major scientific journal? is that correct? i don't need an answer on this but the answers were there and the deadline was very encouraging. i can tell you are overwhelmed by it and very anxious
yes it is stressful. have you spoke with a senior advisor about this?
that sounds really hard. i know it sounds like you will get there eventually. but remember that phd program is also a huge resource for any scientist.
it sounds like you will be able to overcome the deadline! take a look at your entire days with your journals..
i am truly glad to listen with you. i wish you all the best!
if i was you, i would suggest focusing on certain aspects which you like to do in order to stay motivated and stay focused.
that's great!
hello how are you doing?
it sounds like you are depressed because of the pandemic but you are not feeling like yourself right now?
yes that is horrible! it must feel so very difficult right now especially with covid going on so fast.
i understand, having been separated for 3 years makes you very sad right?
yeah it sounds like you need to focus on yourself, you're very important to spend time engaging with your fiancé and friends, and taking care of yourself.
if i may ask your other fiancé, she is from Iran, so i am pretty sure she has a lot going on in her life right now that i am not having a good time to talk to you about any of that right now.
you may look into other options from your country? or perhaps you can use some online dating services like facebook, where u can meet foreign friends who have been through the same time as you. sometimes it helps to communicate with other people and get some closure on things we weren't aware of before.
yes, i know the situation has been extremely difficult for you in the past so you should look into alternative options at least until you are out of the country.
i see what is important. do you have any friends there that you can talk to and be supportive of each other?
ok. ok. good luck to you!
you too. you too : )
hello!
that is good. what's bothering you today?
are you interested in any other guys though?
we all need that balance!
i can tell how stressed you are trying to find something that will work for you. that is the most important aspect of a relationship. what do you think is making things more difficult for you? do you have friends that you can talk to while you are single?
yes, but at the same time, you don't want to do the dirty work and stay in bed all day in a room with nobody you don - you want a physical body. are you comfortable with that?
maybe she told you that going for a walk helps you out. you don't have to go long because you are already there.
is there a specific thing in your life that you want and want to do that will satisfy you? what do you need before you find any fulfillment from your relationships?
i totally understand how you feel. it might be a good idea to continue to see your strengths after a while. there could be opportunities for change, but for now, i can think of nothing but success. life itself is short.
did you take some real risks in the relationships? would he want the physical contact but also learn from your mistakes in the past too?
when that happens you will have a great maturity. just like you do with commitment. that's a great first step!
i think you are doing your best and you will make the right decision! just as important, take care of yourself and take care!
very welcome. thank you for sharing your feelings with me.
i am doing well. how are you? what seems to be the problem?
have you tried contacting any friends or family members that you enjoy talking about it with?
this hard time for the economy has been hard for a lot of people. especially the pandemic year.
when was last year?
yes, the pandemic is really tough, but we seem to be on track to get through it.
it sounds like you haven't had much time to get laid off by what the boss is cutting pay.
what's your major career area?
haha i've worked a lot in online work. i was making money at work by training my skills and also doing a lot of short courses. i am also interested in a new field of training since it will allow a higher pay.
you are welcome i know when life throws you a curve ball with some hard decisions you will make it out the door!
hello, how may i help you today?
i am doing good. what happened that makes you feel bad?
are you considering finding a new career or taking on a new job yourself?
that must be very difficult to think about. is it possible for you to find work in the now?
when i was in college, i always considered interviewing for jobs i always got the same results when i originally applied to a non - profit, but then after a few years found a position at someplace else that was closer to me than my current job which was in another city. was that something that you wanted
no problem! i really wish you the best in the future. you are worth it!
i completely understand. i understand how you feel. i have also gone through similar feelings in the past. i know things might be hard for some but there may be opportunities outside of the area where you work.
i think you're still welcome. it's definitely been a pleasure talking to you. you may want to press quit and take questions from me. i am happy to help you. i really wished you the best!
hello, how are you doing?
so you are feeling very down over it?
so you were sad because of the breakup when you were happy?
it sounds as though you are feeling down about what happened, isn't that true? did you know she was involved with your ex?
have you tried to put pressure on her to stop the fighting by saying that she did not deserve to end the relationship? they might be acting inappropriately. do you know what happened? perhaps they did not realise or care about how you felt? sometimes there are counsellors out there who might be able to help
it sounds as though there might be some hope but maybe there might not be. you could try telling her that you could do something more constructive than that?
i think you should give her time. just give her some space - maybe she is not that jealous of you?
i would not apologize to her because obviously you have done nothing wrong.
hello.!
i am really sorry that you feel that way. what is going on with your job?
i work in a manufacturing facility which is pretty interesting. do you have a lot of experience in this industry?
i hear you - it's difficult to say how hard it is to find a reward. but it'll get easier the longer you stay. in this pandemic, there's so much money going into everything and people are finding jobs that are less rewarding.
are some places in your city that you would consider looking into employment? or even out of an area?
i understand a bit that this is difficult for you. is there anyone in your company that might be interested in helping you get back to your previous position?
that sounds like a very important part of the psychology tool for a woman. does that sound right? did you talk to a counselor?
have you tried and talked to anyone else about this? that may be something you could ask for help to get through.
i'm happy that you are trying to find things that you like to do in order to do those things. how long have you been feeling depressed and depressed?
my friend has started a new hobby called self - help food! when i do that i like to grab a cup of coffee or watch a movie. do you have anything else that is going on that you enjoy doing in the meantime? i think good luck with your new job.
i'm glad you chose the topic of therapy. if you want to get help you need some help finding a job that fits your interests. i know this may be hard but i think you will be able to do it!
you too. good bye! you can press quit and delete it.
hello, how are you?
it sounds like you're feeling the same way a lot. did you feel the same?
what did she do?
you are very welcome. i wish you the best of luck and feel the best!
oh sorry to hear that. i wish you the best of luck in this case.
okay, i have to end the conversation at the end - do you have any other concerns?
have you been able to check in with school about why you are stressed or given any reason why you don't seem to be in school?
i'm in school and i love it. it made me feel so good to give you things to work on now.
that is understandable. i am also very interested in psychology and its methods. i study almost all of the fields which have really helped me. there is a lot available to study and learn. you know if everyone was supportive, maybe you could look into a program that offers free counselling services.
it always helps to have such a wide variety of interests, you have to give it a try! i would definitely be interested in playing video games.
what type of things do you play?
it does not have to be a game, but it does provide a purpose.
you are very welcome! i am glad to help!
hello my name is tamari, how can i help you?
ah i can understand. sometimes it can feel like we've been let down by things we didn't know about..
i don't understand what are you experiencing. this is one of my biggest worries, it can get overwhelming.
what is causing these attacks before or am i hearing you wrong?
so you are doing something to deal with the anxiety? i know that some people struggle with anxiety too, but i believe it will get easier.
i would recommend doing 30 minutes of breathing exercises a day, i find it helps with depression and anxiety.
i also hear you saying that your body needs some help and you are exhausted now because you don't have enough energy and this is making you sad and depressed. that is a real problem and only natural.
would you try a set of exercises ( or even one a bit a day, if you do the exercises in the morning, it might help to get fresh air etc ) just to get yourself to calm down and relax, and then try to get more sleep?
it sounds like you mean bob ross does not sound therapeutic, but it does sound effective, and you can use bob roess to your benefit.
you're welcome and i hope you feel better soon.
hello. how are you doing today?
that is good that you are feeling better. what's going on?
are you seeing your spouse frequently?
it sounds like you have been feeling overwhelmed by the virus.
i am sure it would be great to reach out to those close to you and let them know you were feeling sad and are not in it to bother anyone.
i would go and write out a letter to him telling them how you will get through this. it is the best thing to do now.
i would say that is the best decision, then you will never get away from them in the long run.
you're welcome.
i hope you too.
good evening.
oh that's a little bit odd. is there anywhere your home you have an interest in that may help? do you have any things you'd like to talk about?
it seems like you are really enjoying your last year there.
i think biking is a great alternative to being stuck indoors.
i am happy to be able to help! it's definitely hard to feel alone right now.
well, i think that there are a lot of things that people can do to get through this, for example, walking to the park. walking to get your mind off of everything going on is something that many people have done recently. some people have been taking their dogs out outside to exercise.
is there any sort of medication you might use? i am really glad that you made the decision to give yourself an hour a day.
have you tried following any of the options in the program? you can see the link that opens up more options and maybe this will help you find an easier rhythm. have you considered talking to your doctor about this? i suggest talking to someone about your feelings so you don't feel ashamed to say that.
hello! is there anything i can help you with today?
that's good, the holidays can be hard. what happened for you over the holidays that caused this to happen?
just from chatting with you, i understand how you feel.
that's a really unfortunate situation. i know you're very sad, the people you love have some issues right now, especially in this era of the pandemic.
if, you feel like you have reached out for help and we can give you comfort with this situation, maybe you can look at virtual funeral as a way to connect with people in your close family. you're very welcome! do you find it helpful to talk to someone else about this?
that's a wonderful thing, it was great to be able to get together and say goodbye.
no, remember to stay safe. it's very hard right now, but a year from this new year we will get through it.
yes, sadly these cases are declining in this year, at least until 2020. we can hope that things begin to pick up again for our family. we are the ones who are able to stay safe with our loved ones and you are the people who care about us.
i know the loneliness that you are feeling. are you in touch with anyone you can connect with or contact through these virtual channels?
you're very welcome. i hope that everything goes great with you once you recover. i'm sure that things will do well for you before we know it. stay safe and stay strong!
hi there! how are you today?
i am sorry to hear that, that must be terrifying. can you tell me about it?
does your masters program have enough student loans? yes, it does.
i understand your frustration, i am working in college as well. you must be stressed out by the amount of work your students have already finished. it sounds like you are already frustrated by your workload and you are struggling with the lack of good assignments. have you tried talking to your advisor?
i understand that it is a stressful time. i myself have to get the damn paper finished. sometimes i just have to go ahead and commit to it, as i understand.
is the parent you could bring, or your partner or maybe have lunch with them?
you are very tough on yourself. you are not alone in dealing with everything. how are you handling your children?
i am sorry to hear that. that stress has been immense for my sisters as well. i have also struggled with managing my stress by being alone and doing lots of small tasks. i would suggest being involved with reading and journaling. and even journaling a bit.
your problems are not minor. what is it you have to learn for them to go to school?
no problem. i'm glad to help! : )
okay do you understand that. she is your helper.
just from chatting with you i can tell how motivated you are about this.
hi, how are you feeling today?
okay so, i hear you saying in a serious way.
are you thinking you'd get something other than depression?
it is very difficult to move on from your love, you are very important to stay positive in helping yourself as well. have you tried any coping mechanisms with depression? have you considered taking medication? there are plenty of good antidepressants that can be successful.
what kind of things do you like to do to manage your feelings?
is there any way you can get back to work or is it through other means?
i did learn how to use my words to express my feelings and help others too. this sounds so sad and sad but you seem to have a lot of strength and optimism.
yes i am so glad that helps. i believe in you and you deserve very much.
from what i have read, many people suffer from depression and are unable to function without help, so, i know in my heart you can find some help.
sure. your welcome.
you are welcome.
thanks. you too..
yes I am glad to hear that.
what's up with you.
have you been in a relationship where you were very close with people you cared little about.
i saw it, have you tried talking to your friends in person about what is going on?
you will get another set of friends one day. people who care deeply about you.
wow your friends are your childhood friends. i know how difficult it can be to keep up friendships that change over time. maybe they just have too much in common in the new year!
yes, that is a pretty common thing as a teen. i would try staying close to your friends.
a lot of people have the same problem as you so it's not a problem that is new.
hmm, yeah, you never know. don't live in town, so don'T be self aware and keep avoiding trouble.
sure! i am glad and glad i could help. maybe get a new set of friends! maybe look into your peer groups or meet new people each day.
wow. it is good.
hi! how are you you today?
i can understand why you is upset, is there a specific reason?
it's understandable to be upset. do you consider a second chance.
it sounds like he's feeling very unhappy and out of his depth...
that does not sound happy. i could be very upset too. perhaps you should tell him what happened? maybe keep in mind what you are done with him.
it's unfortunate that you were not able to let him know you were going to be together for a long time. i am sure he knew how you feel and was so hurtful that you wanted to keep him. is this the first time you have been with him?
yes. it sounds like things took a beating but it can get better. is it true or just sad?
yes, you are welcome.
hello, how are you doing?
i'm sorry to hear that you are feeling sad because of these things. what has been going on in your life that is causing you to feel this way?
have you had any opportunities to quit in the past?
there are very few people out there having difficulties applying to a job. that is a very troubling situation to be in.
you are not doing what you are trained for. it does sound like you're very stressed out about the situation.
have you attempted looking into new businesses after being fired or talked to them about being the best work you could be?
that must be hard but i am sure there are plenty of companies out there struggling with the situation. but it's understandable to have a heart for yourself. it'll help to know that there are others out there who feel the same way.
how did it sound to you? like you wanted to express yourself in a way that is both respectful of the situation and not hypocritical to ignore it?
i think that it is important to get over it : ) but it's hard to be sure that you will be successful in your project if you don't feel like you're doing enough to get on with it.
i'm glad that you're finishing this thing. it truly means a lot to you to be in this position right now. please don't give up. you'll overcome this! don'T give up!
i know you could get through!
hi, what can i help you with today?
i am really sorry to hear that. how do you feel when you have to get work?
i must be so frustrated at times - have you talked to anyone in your situation about your frustration?
a lot of people have gone through a similar situation. what happens when you find yourself working so much all during the night and feeling like you're not doing your job effectively?
from my experience my self - care and commitment can prove to be very useful to me even though i feel that we need to work so hard.. perhaps you need to speak to your employer about the specific issues that you are having and find some solutions that will be helpful to you.
i see. it sounds like you have lost interest in your hobbies and also feel as though the pressure of the work situation has driven you out of your comfort zone.
have you tried looking into counselling? there are many organisations who are offering free counselling. there are some even open to trying to help in this area.
you are very welcome. try and try to think positively about things. even if these mean not meeting your goals, don't try to set unrealistic goals.
you have been to counselling, and i think that it can be helpful. may i ask if you are still interested in going out?
how long ago did covid come? i can't think of a specific place i have tried to do things in which i would have avoided the work and others?
yes social media would be a great resource. do you even have hobbies?
so i am here today wishing you luck in the little window at a time when things are looking up for you?
hello there, how are you feeling today?
i understand. what seems to have caused yourself this depression? are you going to get help for it?
i am so sorry to hear that. i bet you lost your job too.
i understand, we all go through pain about losing our father. you are dealing with a lot of grief now, but the way you are moving forward with finding a cause should help you keep motivated and keep yourself safe.
yes but it isn't something you can take lightly. often it is difficult to go through things without expressing yourself about your father to someone especially someone who you need to talk to directly.
i'm sure he is in a tough spot right now. but there are a lot of people out there who will want to support you and help you, especially at this time of year.
hmm i understand. it sounds like you are in a tough spot at the moment. we lost someone close to you?
it sounds like you are trying to find a new place to live. have you considered getting involved in online activities?
you're not alone? do you have any hobbies? or even hobbies to take you joy? maybe even meditation?
you're welcome. how is your mom doing now?
that sounded very lonely for you! is there anything i can help you with?
you too!
hi, how are you doing today?
what's on your mind?
i used to find myself in situations like that and would be offended and upset if i ever experienced anything similar. maybe what happened to cause this?
as with other instances of bullying, i can relate to situations where you are in traffic trouble. i remember being in a car that hit so many potholes while i worked and being slammed by other drivers, it's not something that i'd normally do. however, being out talked about may also
that's just a very weird feeling. how about you defending yourself against him, rather than expressing yourself to him?
that sounds very difficult. have you spoken to HR about the way he has treated you? in my experience if it is something that might add to your difficulties, it can be best to talk to someone directly and let them know how you feel.
you are very welcome! have you tried to talk to his boss directly and see what his attitude is?
hello. how are you today?
have you talked to your friend or family about anything?
what's going on?
that's a long time! maybe you can help me tell you about it?
have you been living with yourself or with friends? family is a great support system for people in your situation and i want to hear that.
i feel you, it seems you are being neglected on a global basis. do you have other family members that you might be able to chat with?
if you're single, you may have been able to connect with other family members via social media and video chatting?
yes. do you visit your family regularly? they must understand. you said that you are doing this because your family doesn't want to give you advice.
it's scary that isn't it?
as my family has been together for many years, i've always been down and wanting to go somewhere warmer than the real world.
it's definitely not an easy thing to do, especially in the middle of winter. but that's good that we've been able to get some sunshine and warm weather.
you can't go and meet people. that has to be scary! does that sound like something you'd like to go into next year?
i'm sure if you stay low then you can stay safe. what about doing video calls?
do you have any friends that you can talk to before you leave for florida?
i understand how you're feeling. i miss going to the beach to get fresh air. it's a beautiful place to be, and everyone is spending the holiday already.
if you are in sunny states we will be seeing beautiful lights this summer.
hello! how are you feeling?
i'm so sorry. so does the pandemic have you any concerns?
i cannot actually do anything during this pandemic because of all the covid-19 things to do. but i am glad to hear what you are saying.
there are some people who are willing to lend a helping hand! i was very nervous at first because family can feel anxious during this shutdown. i was worried about your phone connection when our phones were off and i knew it might be difficult to talk with them as they were working around the clock. i actually went
it looks like you are really interested in your family. i know it's stressful, but i have to tell you, you are also looking up ways to connect with your family?
i am glad all the bfh has stopped and we can stay safe today. is there anything you would like to discuss today?
no problem! what about some online games. i would recommend taking breaks to relax so you can relax. i just wanted to remind you that it is getting so close to the holidays. i was working at my computer and doing some online learning. it helps to make a plan and set goals for the time being
i hear you! i've heard it's the same for everyone. what have you been doing to help yourself so far?
okay, you did all of that, you are very capable, but not in the making. you are so strong!
i am sorry to hear that. what exactly is making you feel anxious and depressed?
i'm sorry to hear that. what seems to be causing such a depressed episode?
i know that it's a bit daunting. however, i understand that you are anxious and depressed.
have you tried taking a hot shower or going for walks outside?
that seems like a good idea, maybe text to her while you're out. i have the same situation, how long ago are you taking care of your disabled sister?
it sounds like you are probably doing your best to work this out. i am sure it will eventually get back to that normalcy. so as with covid, i will be praying for a good outcome.
yes! the weather has been okay since christmas time.
oh! well i can definitely understand that! yes, walk or jog is helpful for me personally and also for healthy. exercise definitely helps my anxiety when i think about things i have to do in the world. i myself like to run a lot!
you do yoga and can do yoga as well. it will relax you and hopefully some new freedoms will give you some positive vibes.
i think that would be great! i like to do warm yoga when i feel a little stressed. i have found to be a great way to calm my nerves a little before bed, and i think it would help ease my fears. i also love to do a series of deep breathing exercises in the middle of
you too! i hope you find a good gift. i wish you all the best and good luck!
hello, how are you feeling?
i see. are you feeling the same way right now?
i can understand that. i have been stressed out at work a lot recently but i find that my focus has been off the field. sometimes i have to look around a little and focus on another job. do you think your job is contributing to this stress you are feeling at the moment?
i hear you having a difficult time at work. do you have anyone with you that you can talk to to about this?
i can understand your frustration. this may not be good for everybody. have you tried speaking to other employees about your dissatisfaction?
of course! when i was in my 20s i had a situation where my supervisor constantly spoke to me in the office, and i couldn't get a word in edgewise. i felt bad about it. it turns out that that has affected other people at work too. sometimes you could be in
are you considering moving to a different state or even going to a co - workers?
i'm sure the odds are very slim that you will find some sort of new job. if you are careful at all about your work conditions, maybe you could consider a temporary position just for the time being.
have you explored other activities that might be helpful for you in applying?
i think it might be a good idea for you to see a therapist since they can be quite expensive.
that's great. i think getting to see doctors may be a positive step in the long run.
yes it can do an enormous amount for you. i think it will if you have your mental health at ease.
your welcome. i wish you the best for 2019.
bye. have a great day. my pleasure,
is there anything you can help me with today? or i'm sorry to hear you are upset. what is the problem?
wow, so i hear you. do you feel like you probably lost your job because of the pandemic or the pandemics?
not alone, i know it is difficult ; i have lost a lot of jobs in the current year, but i know you can't go through this forever.
i would not reach out to anyone with job skills. its a tough time, especially if your future looks bright.
have you contacted the local company that your friend was laid off from? people help us find new jobs from small businesses.
that sounds like you may have to do a bit of grieving. i know it really sucks for you that this is happening to you but you've got it, you deserve better than this.
i totally understand it's hard to leave your job, but your resume may be the factor for finding a new one. have you read any resumes that show potential benefits?
yes. time will allow. we could leave his company after christmas if he doesn't have financial security issues.
i think you can go through the resume, do the resume check and see if you can find a job that can be more suited to you. if you need help you can write out stuff. i don't know if you would ask him to help you out with things or actually help you. maybe you
good luck and i hope that you find what you need soon!
how can i help you today?
sometimes times it is better when we are not the best person to make out our problems. is it due to depression or any other reasons?
would you say it is a function of willpower or something? if you drink too much each day, it can cause you to increase alcohol consumption?
i can see why that's important. could you share why your problem increases?
is there a specific reason behind your skipping a few days?
oh, you can go to a drink group, or meet a local family member to discuss the problem, have you spoken to the local doctor?
i really wish i had tried it before. is there anything you would consider that would help you cut into your alcohol consumption?
i can also confirm that it would not be helpful to sit down and go through your problem again. are you in touch with an alcoholics anonymous group?
you could also check out befor, aa is a free online program that provides free counselling for people who are struggling with the issue of alcohol and drug addiction. do you go to or visit the aa website?
it sounds like you have a lot of problems with your life going on, do you have any friends you can socialize with or is it a sign of weakness?
i used to be in a relationship with a co worker and her boss. i had a drinking problem also because of work, and i felt bad about it.
it seems that you are doing everything you can to stay positive. you are welcome.
i hope you are able to find new friends! have you done any research on cdc and is there any other way i can support you?
i'm very glad to help. you are very welcome. i am confident you can be successful on this journey. i was wishing you the best in the future just for being healthy and not to forget your health.
hi. how are you doing?
what would you do if you felt like you weren't going to be able to do anything.
it takes time to get used to that. they can be nice. you know me personally, so we often can talk in face if we can. you could learn to say " hello'because it's your first time seeing each other so you can ".
i understand how that feels, but it's ok to try to connect with family members in person instead. it'll definitely get easier as time goes on.
i completely agree. i hear you on that. there won't be much impact on you this year either. what seems to be the most important reason why you're feeling like your heart has no purpose but to make it about getting sad and stressed. is it just the pandemic as a rule or
i am hoping that things will get better soon. however, you have to look ahead to the present with a care. and remember that only we have a limited window of time to live. you are on the right path to doing the things that you love. you will be okay.
have a good day.
i am glad you got to chat. : )
good afternoon. how are you doing?
sorry to hear that, that is a very difficult thing to be doing and i can't tell you how anxious you are just from chatting with you.
i think you should do all your homework and start from the beginning. i can understand how you have struggled. it is okay to feel anxious. it can be difficult in your case.
this is a good idea as many people are doing it right now. your mom is a risk for any exposure. the option is there, but you should stay home and avoid in - class learning too.
i also hope that this pandemic doesn't affect you. maybe you can discuss with her. she is a high risk so she can get vaccination soon.
yes my sister had similar experience to getting a new needle. maybe she will feel good then she can get it.
i think you are doing the best you can. i hope the vaccine doesn't affect you.
have you tried talking with your teacher? they may be able to guide you through some assignments.
hi. how may i help you today?
the only reason i can help you is because i myself am a single parent and i can tell my child about it.
i am sorry to hear about this. does your partner have a good word.
are you concerned that you might have found out something about this?
i understand how you feel. people who trust you and know how you will feel need to share this with their loved ones sometimes do just that!
yes, but sometimes, you could overlook the problem and try talking to your friend or even partner about it with one of your best friends.
have you considered seeing a therapist to try to help you with your issues? i know it is hard to talk to people without the emotional support of others.
i wish you the best of luck!
i'm grateful that you would reach out to us today. do you need anything else?
you are welcome!
hello there how are you today?
good evening. thank you what do you need to talk about.
i am very sorry to hear that. has he agreed to your project?
thank you for asking, did you tell him or her that you have some experience with project work?
have you talked to your friend about how you feel about the project?
yes,, that is a great dilemma. you are a compassionate person, i am sure that you will be able to handle this and take the initiative to fulfill the obligations.
not a burden at the time, if you work hard constantly, you are bound to fulfill what you've set out to do.
i've heard in others that people who feel uncomfortable with the idea of being disliked are often treated as if they are simply strangers! i am very sorry to hear about that..
have you started looking into volunteering for charity? i can tell you that this is exciting and draining, and will help put things into perspective on your life as a whole : - )
i'm here for you, how are you doing?
i am so sorry to hear that, its hard when you let go. what is your problem?.
i have had two losses to my business because covid - 19 has had such an effect on everyone. i know this is a huge and difficult time. theres one thing to discuss with your friends, is with yourself, it is important that you get to know your job.. take time to do your
i can understand that. i was in grad school and went into technology business and i was working as an associate professor at college. i used to be a tutor, but i was unable to do a lot of work during this pandemic. but i remember trying to go on walks and walk in nature, but
when i've been out of work, the happiest thing I do is work with people i love. is there a company that would offer free lancer sessions?
i had a similar hobby in college and it became a lifelong passion! i used to work on fiver also, so i had a lot of skills as well. after that, i always tried to learn new things, and it was actually quite satisfying.
i was diagnosed with covid - 19 too, and i never liked it in the first place.
no! i hope i have been able to reassure you that the vaccine will be effective soon! : - )
i think it will be effective soon. i am glad to hear that. how long have you been able to maintain full contact with anyone else since covid - 19 was first put into action - it's not a cure - all, but it can be a blocker to get through this!
i am a former computer programmer and i always thought it was too bad - i am sure that it was - but i think we have to take care of our own mental health.
i have a hard time not watching movies anyway. i was in that position for 2 years and loved being an android. i knew what kind of movies they were. i loved to make and play videogames too, and i was proud of myself for taking that class and not having to do that constantly. i
yes, horror movies can often be found mixed with horror.
i have not been around too much alcohol, but i enjoy the fact that i can stay sober. i also do not allow myself to feel like i am being drug abused or killed by the government!
i know your problems come from your lack of responsibility as well, did i think that you should cut out alcohol completely?
i hope i have been able to be of some help. you don't regret it!
you are very welcome! bye,
hello!
i'm doing very well thank you!
i'm sorry this has to happen, do you think you should do some sort of research to identify possible ways of moving out to california with your family? what about your relationship with your mother?
i hear you, the job will be significantly stressful. and you will miss your mother terribly. not as much as it will be for her and your young ones, but that will make a big difference in your relationship and your happiness.
i completely understand that you are feeling anxious leaving your family over here, but maybe maybe you shouldn't go out with your family while they can. my husband and i have been through this together and i've learned that we have to stick together. i guess you will start feeling comfortable with her after this
that's a great option. your situation might be a problem with moving here.
hello there, how are you doing today?
how are you?
i can understand why a person might be feeling anxious after having a glass of wine in the evening. have you tried getting professional help for your feelings? i have not had alcohol in the past but can you go into details.
i understand that you have been having issues due to drinking, do you agree with this?
no one is doing what is causing this problem. i am just trying to get some rest and get myself focused on the task at hand. but i know when everyone else drinks it isn't for everyone and i know if you drink you will always have problems with your alcohol level.
if i understand what you mean by that, it is possible to try to reduce your alcohol consumption to a minimal level..
from speaking with you, i am sure that you cannot control what you drink, is that something that you have noticed previously?
i'm glad i could be of some support. this might help to relieve some of your issues with alcohol by taking a few minutes and letting your mind go.
hi. how are you doing today?
i can understand that, it must feel really terrible to not be feeling well. is something bothering you personally?
i see. it seems to me that you're upset and upset about it is understandable.
oh, you are so angry at the moment, especially with your child. i can understand how it must feel for your daughter to be involved in something like this. are you having any other issues in the past? i am sure you will figure out some ways to overcome this anger and gain understanding of what happened
is there anything in particular that you are grateful you were able to get out of the house to do? i would recommend walking, going for a walk, or finding different activity that you enjoy. you are worth it!
i have been married too and i know how important that can be. i have told my husband about this and he was so understanding.
i am sorry to hear that. you are a beautiful woman and taking care of her child will help you find a solution. you cannot say that you are the right person for the problem, and you can ask your husband to help you.
hello! what's going on?
what grade are you taking?
so you're afraid you will only do poorly in these tests if you retake them?
that is true.
yeah it can sometimes seem as though you have a poor approach in all this, but it is a very good way to pass. you could ask yourself whether you just went over your assignments or if you have done so much. sometimes it helps to take quick inventory when you can do it right.
that is ok, but let me ask your professor about the situation. if you do not understand the information correctly, you might start to panic again. often this leads to a negative reaction, so you don't want to do poorly.
in some cases i find it helpful to take small breaks and study for the next few hours. you can start to feel rested before you take the test.
of course! i do recommend taking long walks or going for a walk at dawn. you are not alone.
okay, do you want to be burdening others? i used to feel stressed out all the time, including in finals. i took a break when we were at school and took the tests.
okay.
i hope you are able to take those exams safely and take your notes.
hi! how are you feeling today?
and it sounds like you are breaking up with your boyfriend to go to therapy. is that right?
i agree, do you have a good relationship with him? do you feel that you have any good friends you can talk to?
the question is, should you be able to trust him to do what is right for you?
i hear you on that. i really think the best thing to do is to end this relationship before this happens.
what happened?
yes, they deserve you to feel the way you do.
it's okay to let things go after awhile because they don't want to make you feel like he's the better person anymore. talking about what has gone wrong, what made you feel that way, and how you are making yourself feel is that you're the better parent for the relationship.
is it a safe place like this?
ah, very true ; it's been a rough year for everyone in the world. you're most welcome. i hope i have been able to be of some assistance to you in the time being.
hi how are you today?
well, i am good. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm doing ok thanks a lot thanks : ) did you happen to find yourself feeling a bit down?
that sad. do you know what march was like like for you?
you haven't done anything so far ; ) yes that is a rough time.
i have also heard of zoom. this has been kind of hard. do you have anyone you could make friends with again?
of course! how you feeling right now?
it's been super nice to talk on the phone since covid was first pushed in. sometimes i just have zoom to be by myself. i'm really proud of you! that might work out for you.
just from chatting with you, its great that you're getting a little holiday cheer!
of course! i hope it all goes better!
hello.
it seems there is a lot of this that's affecting people in the know. i have been having a lot and have also'been experiencing depression.
ok. so he is angry because you cheated on him? is this something that you think you will be okay with?
well, he is obviously manipulative from the start, do you think having someone in your life has helped with the depression?
so you feel like he is treating you poorly? this must happen to you.
so maybe you should talk to someone in your home and talk to him about this?
i can give you some advice. i had to be very strong at the beginning and now after I feel stronger i can give them advice.
i would look for support groups or groups in your area. i have seen them in my area.
i hear you.
there's no problem. i hope you can find a way to get through this. goodbye.
hello, how are you?
i can understand that. is that all at once?
so you have a lot going on at the moment? that must be a difficult time.
that's a lot. at least you are in full time school. i can understand how the pressure of college can put you at a disadvantage.
i had similar difficulty in the past and trying to change the situation. it always helps me to take time off i can't help myself because now i am on the same page. i know that you will make a lot of improvements and i am sure that you can find it in yourself when all of the
you too...
so i hope that it has been a very positive experience for you.
do you need anything else after the meeting? thank you.
hello, how are you doing today?
that's good to hear. thank you for talking about this!
i've been there myself and i completely understand how you feel though. sometimes it helps to look out for yourself and find something to be grateful for when you are feeling hopeless..
i know how hard it can be to be depressed these days, so i would try to find a hobby like yoga or reading and listen to music that you enjoy while working out.
i think finding someone who has had good support can be the first step in dealing with depression. do you know that you are not alone or are you alone?
no, i was not born dead, i don't think i can be happy. do you have any other hobbies or interests you enjoy?
hello.
i'm so sorry to hear that. does he regret the decision?
oh no! it's really awful. i know how heartbreaking it would feel and why. i'm sure the fact that you were in love with your boyfriend is cause for alarm.
what about an engagement? if that happens to you, how long were you together?
have you tried giving him a reason?
have you asked him if there were any feelings of abandonment after a relationship ended, whether or not there was resentment towards the relationship or not?
i think finding a support system is very hard, especially during time where we are all unemployed. you are missing friends and family most of all.
i don't know what you want to do though. and i've got a lot of self care goals too..
i think it is better to let it out as soon as possible.
do you think this relationship may be worth having outside resources? or maybe that will just put you into a better position?
try to take some time to heal up and move on, it will give you something to look forward to.
i'm sure that can't hurt to say you're sad at this point, you are strong and will get through this!
you will get better. stay healthy.
hi, how are you today?
so, you are feeling bad but i can relate.
what are you worried about going to be in the next round?
i have found that it is tough going through layoffs because they cause so much stress. i would say for sure. what do you think about this situation in general?
i'm so sorry that. have you spoken to your co - workers about the situation?
if you are available for one of those jobs, maybe be able to apply to other agencies or see if they can do some similar work for you.
i guess that's just a sign of anxiety, after all, you are the one in the family making money right now and you can apply for a job now and in the next year.
oh.. do you know if they want your job?
so you would like to start looking around for job again.
i think it will get better!
it makes sense that it would, maybe ask your wife if you want to apply for a job, just get those resumes.
have you always been able to find new employment because of the virus? you are doing the right thing.
yes, i like searching, it's a great way to find new jobs, it takes effort.
i hope that helped, i hope it was helpful. all the best for you!
hi there, is there anything you'd like to discuss today?
i can understand how you feel at the moment. it must be very difficult to be feeling this way. have you been able to talk to anyone about it without feeling hopeless?
you mentioned to him that you think he is being selfish and wants you hurt because you are being less than good to him? are you aware of any other ways you could help him? i would suggest going for a walk outside early so you could make some time for yourself and look for hobbies that you enjoy doing
your depression is a real drag, i know that. i tried going on walks to get through it. I found that walking helped me less a lot. in addition,, i stopped asking for help from my friends too.
i would also look into if your doctor does not have enough money or not enough help. the biggest benefit to you is getting your meds and not having to deal with those burdens from your boyfriend.
sometimes, when it all comes down on the same day, it just helps to have a nice day and a big snack meal. it may be hard to be happy at this time but that doesn't mean you can work on less and less. is there something else you would like to look into?
no one can do this for too long. what are some of your goals for 2018?
from what i can tell, i was trying to work through this problem first and then i really started to feel better. i just did the dishes and put them in garbage bin a week or more later and now after i get through it, i can see myself better.
okay i am glad that i was able to help you. i truly believe you made progress with your goals.
i understand how you are worried about losing your job. it is not just you who are worried.
have you contacted your unemployment bureau for help?
ok. so you are feeling a part time position and have no idea what is going on? have you tried reaching out to these coworkers and asking if you could be a part - time worker?
are you saving on food, medication, or other extra money? i do know that saving even during a hard time can sometimes save us money, especially after a pandemic. i realize that our savings do not last forever. are you finding friends and family to help with our financial situation at this time?
there are countless funds available online that are in flux when we are dealing with covid. perhaps you can tap into those resources where you can save, say for an extended period of months, if there is no money available at all.
what are some possible ways you could make small savings? there may also be opportunities available for smaller towns if you focus on the holidays.
ok. i would suggest talking to your friends and coworkers about the issue a bit. you may hear some new perspectives and share that you are feeling anxious and nervous.
i can see where that makes you feel. i have worked in government and social stimulus programs since i was in college and ended up saving for my current job, and found it very helpful to spend time with those who already know.
i am so glad that you were able to meet with us today! is there anything else i can do for you today?
thank you! thanks for sharing. i love you!
thank you!
the fear of losing your job is understandable, but what seems to be the cause of the stress is actually exactly right at the moment.
i'm sorry to hear that, i agree. it is understandable to feel anxious about things.. that is very unfortunate that you'd be in this position.
i completely understand where you are coming from.. do you have any family that may be able to help you during this transition period?
i think there are lots of organizations out there at that time that have specialized training for job hunters. it sounds like you're really struggling to find the job, but have they given you some feedback on your job application?
i see. are you able to find some new employment besides the one you're currently looking for?
of course, i'm glad that you're feeling like you've found a way to work through your issues. i hope everything goes well at your job. i wish you all the best for the new year! you don't need to feel stuck.
you're welcome! i hope you are all doing well and wishing you the best of luck!
you too!
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
so please just do not worry because i am sorry.
good i understand your stress and concerns in a job crisis, is it a change of culture or something?
why is that? do you feel worried about her.
i hope you are fine.
if it is true that she is disrespectful towards everyone, could your manager know how difficult this may be or is it too scary for you to change in your job.
that is not good. is it possible that u had the opportunity to speak with her in zoom chat and discuss this. is she aware of your position or did she act this way.
i understand. do you work alone?
i've been in school like that a long time i was doing home studies. and i find it very helpful to meet teachers who are interested in me.
oh really that sounds like a very difficult situation..
we really need better support in our area. there are people there who are willing to put someone above her. you mentioned that you feel strongly about her but are not willing to try to change those feelings.
is there any email or social media app that you could call her.
do you want to check with schools that are more distant from your school and your co - worker.
oh wow. a woman you already trust and want to run away from. that would make the situation worse.
of course. i doubt you will be allowed to leave your home anytime soon.
sounds like you are a pretty good person.
hello, how are you doing?.
i can understand why it would be so difficult to get over that. i would have been upset too but i have had a really bad past.
what do you think is making him that way? is it to let you know your feelings are valid? i have had been with people who are close to me since i was younger. have you been able to explain to me what he did?
ah wow i understand - i think that would be really hard to say! as it was your thought that she was being kind to you, you were probably more mature than you realized.
i totally understand being troubled when you're emotionally scarred for so many years before you realise it's really important to make it through these tough times! and remember the good times..
you will know eventually that you don't need anybody anymore, so it's not a real problem at all!
it's important to get in touch with those that come back to you, it's very obvious that you're not need to be distant or distant.
yes, and also do you have any interests in reading as well?
i can't believe what happened to make you feel depressed, what happened?
that's not something that i will have anyone do. just give me more time. is there any way he can contact you to talk about this?
oh, i'm so sorry. i'd hear about that. would that help?
im sorry. does this make it any easier for you to get the help that you need?
there are definitely organizations that can help you get through the depression..
are you feeling worried about him not letting you know the details of his affair in order to make him stop using it? he may be feeling upset and angry about the situation, or angry about someone having done this for him in the past.
oh, that's terrible. it's not good to be lonely with your own problems.. i hope things get better soon. please reach out to friends or family that may be able to help.
try not to let your ex cheat on you. he's not the true one. maybe he'd like you to have your own private accounts?
a safe place to start looking for is a private one, and in my opinion, that's the best place to begin finding peace.
have you been able to talk to a professional counselor about the fallout from his cheating? a private therapist would be a great addition to your resume.
no problem. thanks.
hi there! how are you today?
oh no! that is a horrible feeling to feel, i do understand. how long ago did this happen?
of course! how long ago did you lose this friendship?
i know how you feel to lose a close friend. alcohol can have its place in our lives when we live alone.
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you have been drinking a lot to cope with the situation. it does seem to be a low risk way to reduce your emotions in the long run.
i understand. i have depression and sometimes it is hard to find new friends and support when others are going through a similar situation. i know there are many resources out there for bereaved parents out there. there are plenty of resources and resources available, though that does sound complicated and difficult.
you could also use a tablet or other device which is safe and easy to use and can help with your anxiety. what else do you have on your mind?
i can tell this is difficult for you. have you thought about discussing your past with friends or family? you seem like a nice person and have a wonderful attitude. what do you think is causing this loss?
i wish you the best in reaching out to your friends and family! i know you can get through this!
you too.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. my friends and family have been going through a similar thing. are you thinking the same thing?
what's been making you feel depressed? i can tell that you are feeling more isolated in a relationship now?
i have been in relationships like that to an extent. i don't have a place to stay so i never had to do anything to change that.
yeah, he has gone to therapy too much, sometimes he even needs to talk to friends to get help. have you tried giving a family member a break from him?
no, i think life is so busy these days with so much going on. all of it has been so hard, and you are really trying so hard to manage it. do you have any hobbies or interests that are outside of your marriage that you could do to relieve stress?
so it sounds like the pandemic has been very isolating for you. i myself have had a lot of problems with anxiety that have affected my self esteem as well. it's hard to make plans, especially in these times when health holds the top spot. however, we like to figure out small plans
that sounds like a great plan. if you don't feel like you have a plan of action to work out or change your behavior, i completely understand why you are worried about your children and your relationship. sometimes i find a new plan to act out has helped the children too.
i'd be surprised to learn that we don't reach out because we are supposed to.
you're very welcome! i hope that you find a bit of optimism and that you will be able to keep on track! you could keep doing those things!
it will be wonderful. we all need a day like that! it's a tough time and he's excited to learn and learn new things. are you in school? maybe some classes to get better at? maybe you could just tell him you are doing things so he will think of it as an
hello, how are you doing today?
it is a really cold day.
you feel like it might be a sign of things going downhill.
it seems you are not communicating properly or are you able to communicate fully or have you asked where to start.
i know its tough, but it's also useful.
i think you will be able to take some time off from work so you can have some time away from the pandemic all time. sometimes you have to stay inside to keep warm so that you are not cold.
do you want to spend time at home or do you think doing just chatting in the house is helping? i can just imagine you were feeling sad today.
do you live at home.
i understand what you mean. is this winter storm or you are doing what i suggest?
i'm sure things will be okay after the snow storm ends if we leave.
yes its cold but i know it will continue to grow warmer. i can understand that. just getting done to get yourself off of this can be difficult.
we all have lake effect snow in the winter but we have to take it slow in the fall because it was going to last forever.
yes its always so hard for roads when you're miles away. but the most important thing i would stress is staying safe.
any day is a time. i understand that.
that is a long time, i am sorry if i hear that. did anything happen yesterday that has contributed to that?
as long as you try your best, sleep problems will eventually lessen.
what do you think does that make you sleepy?
have you gone into yoga meditation?
have you always try to read a novel or other media?
that's a nice topic to think about.
i tried reading and trying it help me stay healthy.
you can try that or anything boring.
just try to try to do yoga i enjoy exercise and can't go without it and think how long your going to be before you come to sleep.
yes the exercise is another good activity you can do it's good to start exercising.
that's great to try to see that the world will open up for you.
oh my goodness i don't understand that. i like to go for rides or play games on my phone i use that in gym as well.
i have a lot of hobbies and i don't forget them or anything of that nature so i recommend playing games for fun,
thank you for you. have a great day. stay safe.
hello.
ok, do you just think you are having trouble with your suitation?
what happened?
i think it's a really difficult situation. the fact that you loved him after what happened is probably a first step to taking control of your feelings and feeling better.
i think that it's really important for you to keep trying for the happiness you feel you deserve. are you considering pursuing a new career? perhaps that's something that you can explore?
that's awful to hear. i did it once too. it's my great relief to take someone else in and help you remember the good times. the person you love is the one who you love the most. that's why i think you need to stay away from him so that you can
i can understand that. i tried to remember the happy times i spent together in college. the good things about me were i shared with my friends and friends.
i think you are the most important person in your life. i think you will find that staying positive will make you feel more valuable soon. maybe you should spend a lot of time on yourself. enjoy the good memories and do things that make you happy.
i am really glad to hear this. i hope you will recover completely from the suitation. i am sure you will feel better soon too.
that is an excellent idea. the suitation will take time for you to recover.
thank you.
yes you're welcome.
hi there.
i am doing great. how is your day going?
that sounds very challenging. it is easy to feel like you are falling apart to find the right man. is he cheating on you?
oh, that is a long time for a man to leave all of his married women in another country?
i have a lot of anxiety from being with my husband and this is making me feel as though i have not been given enough support.
i am so sorry to hear that. this may be a concern for you at first, but i know it's important to take some time to think about yourself.
i understand. sometimes it just takes a lot of work and coping with emotions to be able to control a situation.
it must seem like you are really anxious about the situation and don't want to have to be in a position where they know you are scared about how your husband is behaving. what is your background and position?
you are welcome. i will be waiting if you need anything else to talk about. have you spoken to a professional who can assist you in this situation? sometimes counseling is so beneficial to understanding that. it does sound like covid has become a really toxic thing at work though.
not a problem. you can call this number, or email the company or company you work for. it has them done many great things at work!
hello there, how are you today?
i'm alright. it's s a busy time for a lot of people..
i hear you. covid - 19 can cause many friends to lose their friends, is that correct?
that is good that you are doing that. is it a form of learning or are you just trying to learn online?
if you just zoom a little bit and be flexible? i know how you feel, but i know my family is going through the same thing.
i know just from our conversations. have you tried seeing a doctor for your anxiety and worry that you are drifting apart?
have you tried talking to them individually, calling in person or seeing some family photos ( just for fun )?
you can also call them and tell them that you're stressed out and you don't want to be around them anymore. that will help your day to day activities.
honestly i wish you the best for the new year and hope you're able to get through this. thanks for talking to me today.
no i am not here telling you about it. do you think you can find someone else who will help you? maybe just let him go?
i can say that this could be a serious issue for you. i would start by saying that you really care about him and that you cant trust him any more. you should let him know all your feelings about him but also that he has been a sex addict.
i really feel that you should give him a shot. you are trying to break up with someone and maybe do something else in your life that might work.
have you tried talking to a peer there to get answers? i've been in that position too! people who don't trust me either.
try to let things fade to a distant memory. remember how you feel about him then take some time to think over things. if you want to leave him without knowing it's a big deal but don't let it get to you..
i'm sorry to hear that, he has been partying really bad.
of course, it's immature stuff just to be sure.
yeah, i have a theory.
that is probably not a good time to hide your data, if you have seen that you are looking for an online source of data then it's ok to ask him though.
it may be a little strange but you'll get through this. there's no more pressure.
it's a company called jatos which makes random money via email or other means. i have also tried to find links in old messages to some websites using twitter... they are all hosted on this server, but are not actually public.
that's ok, i've been in a similar state in the past. i just used jatos to keep my data organized.
hello.
yes i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are feeling tired after a hard evening.
you are probably very anxious about this, but don't let it ruin your night : )
no problem. have you tried waking up later, or taking a walk. i used to sleep a lot though, because i did not find sleeping any better and i had trouble sleeping before i fell asleep. some people do sleep in the morning though, so i think it is worth experimenting to figure out to see
so you are in a troubled place and in depression? i think it's true that your sleep is impacted your life by a virus. but your ability to connect with someone positive and happy is a key factor in this.
that's a great idea, i think it's great that we share shared our feelings. i think you are worth sharing.
and have hope for a healthier future for your kids, i know you need to get into counseling in order to be truly happy, and your family needs to use healing techniques while you have the time to heal. it sounds like you are really anxious about the situation and you want to be healed quickly. thank you
that is awesome, you are having a great day! god bless!
hi, how are you doing?
i'm so sorry to hear that. how is your week?
have you ever tried any action to get this upset?
i did not see this. how can i help you?
have you had talk with her about her behavior?
i know people can feel frustrated sometimes.
so she may have not given the proper reason for the decision. is there any other reason why she was acting that way?
it sounds like you are very upset and upset because she was acting like a terrible person.
i would get mad if she would not come up and tell everyone. you have every right to feel you're being punished and taken advantage of.
no matter what she does go to court she will never forgive you for what you did.
there is no other reason to think that you did the right thing so if she does not show up then that probably means she is not doing your job.
it is true but if she feels she is upset it's definitely for others to feel bad because you are already helping.
i am ok. how are you doing today?
ah, i'm sorry to hear that. that can certainly make you feel sad. is there anything you'd like to talk about at the moment?
i see, i understand that. were you married?
i completely understand, at this time of year, our world is being transformed or changed. what do you want to happen to affect the world now?
okay well i have been in situations where i found to find my happy self to become depressed by being unable to go back to school for exams.
that's a great idea i can suggest it. i know you have a lot of time left to do it all before you have to go back to school.
i see, well do you feel that you do want to go back to your university because you are the best student in the world?
do you ask your parents if they feel like they should see you going to get help? maybe your parents could support you. perhaps your spouse's thoughts are making you feel down? you might see your doctor and have your parents support your depression.
i suggest writing down all the reasons why you are depressed. i also use a magnifying glass to mark the moment when you are feeling down. i can tell you a lot about this.
thank you! i hope you have a good day! can you press quit and chat up me?
have you gone for an exam?
i think that is a good place to start because it would be the absolute best for you. perhaps take an activity like painting etc to do to take your mind off of the loss.
not in your community now but i hope this will make things a little better for you. are you happy about your situation now?
well thank you. goodbye.
he is right that i am feeling worried i may never find happy again..
do you love your family and friends?.
you guys are very strong and brave.
i'm sorry to hear that. i can understand how emotional you must be. this is all a sudden really hard thing to be through. do you have friends or family you can talk to about this?
i didn't say anything though but i tried to ask myself all the right questions so i could figure out if i was the right person for my relationship which led to one.
i see.. would you have any friends/ family that you can talk to about the fact that she broke up with her boyfriend?
i think you could maybe talk to her a little longer than she did and see if you want to see her perspective from a deeper perspective. maybe she has to let some of your thoughts off and move on and accept your decision. if you are upset about losing your friendship, maybe she may want to move on
i hope we hear correctly though, i think that we can go on with our lives with better grace and determination. and hopefully that will show you the light at the end of the tunnel and the strength to get through this.
do you have anyone you can talk to about this?
thanks for asking! i've been in this similar bind.
is there anything else that you would like to discuss?
if you are passionate about your hobbies you will find opportunities to pursue your passions and also work in other fields.
it sounds like you like you are really passionate about your field but working on it is not a one off. why are you worried you would lose your job or are you frustrated after a tough year? perhaps your interests are motivated by something that could make you feel as if you are struggling or wanting to make ends
good for you!
is it possible that other career posibilites can help you prepare for the hiring process that is still going on?
you are very welcome. i am happy to help you in any way i can.
yes i think you are going to make the right choice.
i see. sorry to hear that. have you tried communicating with him today?
do you have a lot of friends who are adopting your child?
oh no, thank you for being honest. i suspect that you deserve a lot more than what you are getting.
oh wow, it sounds like your son did not understand your concern and that his medication is not helping him get his mind back into the proper condition.
so it seems that you are feeling a great stressor over a medication that you believe doesn't help you get your mood back up?
i am sorry to hear this. having a support system is one easy way to find good solutions.
i think for sure you are a strong person. please keep asking yourself what makes you anxious now?
i used to watch movies and play games as well. it was a wonderful experience and i know you could get support in this environment.
thank you so much for sharing your concerns with others. i am sure you have many other needs. do you have any siblings?
i completely understand that. sometimes it can be hard to find someone who can watch the children. it may also be helpful to reach out to the local community where you have some support.
you are welcome. i've tried some online support groups as well, but i do know I found them very useful. have they provided medication for your condition? there is so much to do.
hello how are you doing?
i'm so sorry to hear that, it seems like you have been feeling neglected all these years, do you have a common way you feel?
what are your parents expectations on you?
they need to see you enjoying the lives that you're already in!
and that has been an issue for quite some time. do you feel that you're being unnecessarily sensitive?
i think by talking to them about it is helpful to be honest with their expectations. they would probably be anxious if you kept away from them because they might find that to be unfair, especially after you have already achieved so much in life.
ok, so, so you feel as though you're not being supported enough by your parents because you feel isolated?
if you are interested in that then i think you should consider it even though you have to distance from your family.
i'm glad i could help..
how are you today?
i totally understand. is there any particular reason you feel worried about your work situation?
i can imagine that you are feeling stressed in this situation. have you thought about reaching out to companies to make extra money or getting a job where you could take longer?
have you spoken to your boss about this?
wow, i feel that you are also trying to figure out ways to self - care without losing your house situation.
that's unfortunate. there are plenty of agencies out there, but perhaps you've been overlooked because you are not aware of the people who might be looking for a job in your area.
i see. what do you think may be atalmost in your situation? is there any support from a major organisation, like the company that might be able to help you out with resume and resume works?
i've never heard of anyone called a panic group because of covid. i had to check the local news in all my cities to see if there are any contacts out there that I may be able to reach out to.
there may be employment opportunities available in our area, but i'don't know where there are currently. you need to be confident about that - it's too hard.
you're welcome.
hello how is your day tonight?
it happens but i can't say much about it. so you're really confused right now because you are going to be losing your job soon?.
what is your career like?
are you interested in getting some sort of support?
it's a real tough situation to be in. the good thing for you is you can get insurance and stay with your family especially through this pandemic. have you considered looking into job assistance programs to help ease some of your anxiety?
it's been tough and it can be hard, but as for your wife if you tell her, you may be able to find some work while you are at home. my father lost his job too last year and also ended up not finding a job much longer after his divorce was finalized. is a major
that's great that if your wife sees your skills you'll consider getting online work for part time. it may be worth a try and have some friends in your area that could give you some support.
i had a good boss for many years too but i found that he was kind and attentive but not to the point that it affected me.
it's always good to reach out and have others help you when there's no real need for it.
ok have you considered looking online?
i hope you can start feeling a little bit better. i hope you be able to do something in your free time.
hello, how may i help you today?
yes i am alright. what is going on?
if your friend had a fight with your best friend what happened?
i am so sorry to hear that. try not to worry as it may not help the situation it is causing. what did you fight about?
do you have any relatives at your disposal that may be able to help?
i understand your frustration with your friend. is it okay for you to try and push her away because you want to satisfy her.
maybe you should call a professional help. sometimes, the best person will be the best.
i would suggest giving her time to calm down. what is your other option?.
i personally don't want to lose you and it is the best idea first before i get involved with any other situations.
that is a good plan. do you feel this could complicate the situation?
i was in this predicament when my best friend asked me to do shopping, and i offered to help her and give her time.
hello how are you doing today?
hello there, how can i help you? what happened?
i understand your frustration but why are you having this problem?
would your friends not understand what you said or have your friends realized it might upset you while talking to someone else? or did you feel you should not say something like negative or mean?
i understand but you are not worth it? your relationship does not represent your values..
sometimes just talking up to people can help.
i totally understand, i am also a single parent.
oh, did these people know about your mom?
i cannot tell you how much money are in our lives today as it is not something that we were expected to rely on. are you aware of the dangers of using video call to make those threats?
that sounds like a lot of pressure for one person to get together on the phone. i mean for someone who has suffered from depression and anxiety that is completely upsetting. i can imagine that being a difficult situation for a sister, but you really do not have to feel like she's taking advantage of you and
have you tried working with the group members and tell them what happened. or you can talk to the whole group.
oh, i'm so sorry about the situation. do you want to go on facebook and write updates and tell your friends that you bought the content? but try and share it with the other friends..
that is awful.
of course! but if you still purchase the games, it's always best to tell him how much you're already paid for them.
i know that you will feel guilty.
if your girlfriend knows you, then just report them to police. if they don't they will take it to court.
you too!
hello how are you feeling today?
hello how are you?.
do you have a working phone that you use to type? i would suggest sitting down with an open pen.
i used to be super slow as well, but i believe that once you figure out that is a reason why you want to type so fast, i'm pretty sure you will be fine!
have you talked to a professional who may help you? in my past, i did get really bad typing advice from a friend, but i learned to type fast and not push it so much. you will do great!
you have done alot of practicing typing & im proud of your ability! i sometimes struggle with typing and find it hard to get my head out of my room : )
it sounds like you really care about your breathing skills and your writing skills. also, it sounds like your thoughts are your own and you should be able to let those feelings control you.
thank you! so i can empathise with you this i was able to also have you practice today.
hello, how are you doing?
i am so sorry to hear that! what is your issue?
sometimes, i try to find a calm person to talk to. what has you been stressing about? i know fear is a natural emotion. did you ever panic before?
i understand why you feel that way. in life we can only choose our own feelings and choices. the world has its ups and downs and sometimes the best thing we can do is take one step at a time.
so you are worried about his behavior and he is treating you with a disrespect?
that's the one way i would talk to my ex - husband and explain the problem to him. i also have gone through some difficult situations with ex - girlfriends before and had really strong and supportive parents. we have adopted children and i'm sure you will make it through this!
it sounds like you're being prepared for the worst. i know how difficult it can be when you have moved to a new place for yourself. can you talk to any of your friends about some of your options?
do you have an opportunity to take the initiative in moving in?
i'm sure that's true. i feel the same way for you when you are dealing with your husband. it must be frustrating. try not to worry too much though..
i also went through a traumatic break up with my husband after 11 years of marriage. i couldn't tell anyone else about it. when i eventually broke up with him, i had a friend come to me and tell me about it so she could help me talk about it with me. i then took my
it sounds like you already have some strong plans and are willing to work with your feelings toward the relationship. i know this can be very difficult at times, i could see where this is going but i know you can get through this. it's a tough year, but once you start feeling positive and you
i don't know how old you are but i do know this is going to be very hard. i also live with a friend and try and encourage her whenever i feel like i need to say something. she is a great listener, and you are more than welcome. i am really glad that this started
sounds like a great plan. i have the best feelings for you and i am sure it will make you feel better to stay with someone who doesn't want to depend on you, especially now.
i know my husband has been in a lot of trouble, but he does understand what you are going through, and it's important to make a decision. you need to ask yourself for help and help and try to figure out why he thinks you are in the wrong position. and give him some time to
i am sorry, you are not alone in your anger over this, but i think you have a responsibility to be honest. if you don't, the anger is in your heart, and people make the right choices for you.
good, the truth is i have been married for seven years, then i divorced him and ended up married twice. if he still doesn't see that you are truly honest, have a plan where every person will see it and change, including the man you love. i like his wife more than he thinks
there will be the possibility of a paper trail, and you will never have to go through this, though i'm sure there may be some evidence of a breakdown, but just don't leave it like it's just a coincidence.
you sound like a very committed wife and i believe in you. that is a good start!
what is there something that you need to do today to make sure this continues?
but you are strong, you will have the power to accomplish this when you reach out for help.
you are very welcome!
hello there! how are you doing today?
hello, how are you doing. hi how are your feeling today?
what is the trigger.
i am glad it happened. did you ever do math before?
yes sometimes friends feel they can not do it. could you tell me what your problem is? what's made you feel like that?
i can relate. you are not doing your best when you don't get what you should do. if i can help you, i can tell you why your problem is. would you like to tell another person?
if you are nervous. and you cannot get the right answer. you should go outside and talk to someone you trust ;
yes, i am glad you are willing to listen to me.
the class is difficult, i try to study as long as i can, and try not to worry too much, because its easier to focus on what is going on than worry about what else is going to happen. you deserve to do better than what your anxiety and fear was in.
oh yes it can be any day now.
hello! how are you today?
are you doing?
i see, this can be challenging. how long have you been doing this job?
oh, i see. this might be difficult enough without the work. that's good to not stress yourself out.
that is a lot, i hope that there is someone you can talk to, i know it can take a long time but it is worth the effort.
there is an effort on your part right now by a company seemingly set aside for you. i don't understand how that can happen at all.
i understand. you may also be surprised about your level of commitment to your work. i understand the feeling..
you're welcome! i am doing my best to make my job manageable for you and thank you for reaching out! i know you will get through this!
no problem. keep up the good work.
hello there, how are you doing today?
hi, i am doing good how are you today? is there anything that you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. why are you feeling so bad?.
yeah, i do see that being a problem. i have had friends who have been treated that way myself. i know it's a hard time to get through any situation when it takes so much effort. i'm sure you are being upset, but what are your friends thinking?
i do understand. i think you are taking it very seriously in your friend. people tend to feel the same when they have someone with similar illness. so, some of your friends are still being extremely responsible.
i can definitely understand that, losing your grandfather is definitely devastating. i know it must be hard on you, but i know you are holding to your selfhood and showing courage.
ok i'm sorry to hear that. you say you had some medical contacts so that you had access to those contacts. have you tried talking to any of them?
i'm sure people would. have you recently asked if there is any chance of your family members reaching out to those who may care for you?
are you feeling supported now? if so, then it doesn't make much sense to say goodbye. if you're feeling hurt and uncomfortable, you can tell those friends that you love them and you trust them to give you back your hard work.
i'm glad i could help. the best wishes to you!
