hello, how are you doing today?
it sounds like you are feeling sad because of the pandemic. is that correct?
okay. so you are stressed about what to do and nervous about the upcoming holidays?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your dad about this?
i can understand how you feel. i have been in that situation myself and i know how hard it can be.. but i think you are doing the right thing.
i understand that. i think it's a great idea to go back home and take care of your hamster. i'm sure you'll make it through this!
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm glad you are bringing home your hamster with you.
you're welcome! i'm glad you brought him home! i wish you the best of luck!
i'm so glad to hear that! i wish you the best of luck!
you are very welcome. i hope you have a wonderful holiday!
you too! i hope you have a great day!
hello, how are you doing today?
i can't help you. how are you doing today?
i'm tom and i'm sorry to hear that. is it possible that you might lose your job due to covid?
that's a good idea. i think you should talk to your boss and tell them that you are worried about your job security.
that is a good idea. try to stay out of stress of losing the job.
i'm sure you will find another job soon.
i believe in myself, i try to be confident and positive.
i am an architect. i believe in god.
you are very welcome.
you are welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
that's a really hard position to be in right now. i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're feeling lonely and lonely. do you have any friends that you can confide in or laugh with?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation myself. i don't want to let them know how unhappy i am to be honest. do you have any close family members that you can confide in?
oh i'm so sorry to hear that. there are a lot of apps out there that you can use to find new friends.
yeah! i'm glad that you are able to meet up with people from your town. it's a great way to connect with people in your area.
i think it's more about the courage to go out and meet people. i don't think that's a problem at all.
i think it's really important to take that first step! you need to be comfortable with people you don't know in person, but then you can build those bonds and connections with people close by you.
you're welcome! i hope you have a great day!
hello, how are you today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. do you think your girlfriend may be cheating on you?
i see. i am sorry to hear that. do you think she is cheating on you?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure it was out of interest.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation myself.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself. have you tried talking to her about it?
i'm sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation myself. i can't imagine what you're going through.
i think you should talk to her and tell her that you don't think she's cheating. it's important to let her know that you're thinking the best of her, and that you aren't the only one who is.
you're welcome! i wish you the best of luck!
that's a good place to start. i think it's important to show yourself to be honest with yourself and your feelings. if you don't want to be treated as though you're a joke, then you need to tell yourself that you've done the right thing and that you are
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what are your academic deadlines?
i am sorry to hear that, i have also struggled with deadlines in the past.
i am sorry to hear that, i have been in that position as well. is there anything else i can help you with?
i am glad to hear that, it sounds like you are taking a lot of classes online.
i am glad to hear that. do you have any friends you can talk to?
it sounds like you have a lot on your plate. i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i would suggest taking a break from your studies and taking a walk to get your mind off of it.
i think you need to take a break and take a deep breath. maybe take a few minutes each day to take your mind off of it.
i see. you sound like a mature person and i am sure you will be able to get through this!
i think you should have a regular workout routine as well, and you will be able to complete your courses faster than you did before.
it sounds like you are trying hard to get through this. i am glad i was able to help.
yes i am glad i was able to help!
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any family members that you can confide in?
i can understand how you feel, covid - 19 is making you feel like you are not making enough money.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure that they are trying to shame you for donating too much to charity.
i am sorry to hear that. if you don't want to hurt someone then you should not be friends with them at all.
i am sorry to hear that. i have also been in financial trouble in the past so i know how difficult it can be.
you can donate to the non - profit if you don't feel like you are being honest with them about your situation.
i think you need to be careful not to let your friends know you are trading time.
it is ok to feel guilty for trading time but i think you can find volunteers to help out.
i think that is a good thing to do. i think you are doing the right thing.
it is ok to be proud of yourself but i think you can find other ways to help your friends.
you are welcome.
you too.
i am doing well, how can i help you?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk to me about?
i'm sorry to hear that. what kind of work do you work in?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're feeling a lot out of control at work. is that correct?
i think that would be a good first step. have you thought of asking your supervisor if there's anything going on at work?
i think you should try to talk to your boss and see if they can help.
i tried talking to friends and family members who were close to me and they were able to help me feel better. i also reached out to some co - workers who were in the same situation.
i think that's a great idea. i think it's important to keep pushing and getting good work done.
i'm glad i was able to help!
i'm glad i was able to help!
i hope you have a wonderful night!
you're welcome!
you're welcome!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. how are you feeling right now?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. i understand how it feels to be patronised by people who are older than you.
that's a good idea. i think you should try to talk to her about it before you approach her.
that's a great idea. i think you should give her a chance and see if she still doesn't like the relationship. it's always worth talking to someone who is older than you.
yes, i have had to deal with that as well. it's very difficult to be in a relationship with someone who is younger than you.
do you think it might be worth talking to her about it before you approach her?
i think it's worth talking to her about it and asking her if she's still interested in your friendship.
i think you could try to make new friends and see if you can make new ones.
you're welcome! i hope that i was able to be of some help to you today!
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm doing well, thank you. what's bothering you?
that's good. the weather is pretty good. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
it sounds like you're feeling lonely right now. is that correct?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you live alone?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation myself.
that's a great idea. i think you're doing the right thing by reaching out to your friends and sharing your interests with them.
that's a great idea. i'm sure you'll be able to learn new skills soon.
that's a good goal. it's good to have a plan.
you're welcome! i wish you the best of luck!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what is causing you to feel this way?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried to talk to anyone else?
that's very difficult. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
that's great that you are reaching out and reaching out for help. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
you are doing the very best you can under difficult circumstances. i am proud of you for reaching out and reaching out.
that's very understandable. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing to help you sleep?
you are doing the very best you can. i wish you the best in the future.
that's a great idea. i think that playing video games would be a great way to get your mind off of things.
it sounds like overwatch is a great way to spend time.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've found that reading helps me a lot.
i'm sure you're doing the very best you can. i've been in a similar situation with my ex and i found that it helped me a lot.
i'm a huge fan of fantasy and historical nonfiction. i've been reading a lot of them.
that's a great idea. i am a big fan of the chemical garden trilogy. i've read a lot of them.
i've read a lot of historical fiction. i've never read anything by Lauren destefano. i think that's a great idea. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that. covid has taken a toll on a lot of people. do you live near a library?
that's a good idea. i hope you have a good rest of your day.
that's a great idea! i hope covid has been a blessing for you.
i'm glad to hear that. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
that's a problem. i hear you on that. do you have any hobbies?
you're welcome.
you are welcome. i hope you have a great night.
hello, how are you doing?
i'm sorry to hear that. did she break up with her boyfriend?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in situations like that myself. have you been able to talk to him about this?
i can see how that would be upsetting. did you have any reason to think that she was leaving?
i'm so sorry to hear that. do you have any pets?
i can see why that would be upsetting. i would be very upset too. do you have any other friends that you can talk to?
i'm so sorry that happened to you though. do you have any pets?
i can see how that would make you feel. have you spoken to your friend about it?
it sounds like you are worried about your friend putting her trust into someone who has money like this.
i think you should tell her that you do not think she will do anything to avoid the truth.
you are very welcome. is there anything else i can help you with?
i'm sorry to hear that. how are you feeling about your job situation?
i can understand how that would make you fearful. i have been in the same situation myself.
i can see how that would make you anxious about your job situation. have you talked to your employer about your concerns?
it sounds like you are having a hard time finding a job due to the current economic situation. is that correct?
i am glad to hear that you are willing to seek help and that there are people out there who care about you.
i know that many people are going through the same thing, but it is important to take care of yourself and your mental health.
it sounds like you are looking for a job that might be a better fit for you, but there are many companies out there that are hiring right now and you are not alone.
i think that would be a great idea. it sounds like you are doing the right thing and you are very motivated to find another job.
i think you should give it a try and see if it works out for you.
you are very welcome and i wish you the best!
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well thank you. how can i help you?
i am sorry to hear that. would you like to tell me more about it?
i am so sorry to hear that. i am sure you will be able to figure out how to deal with this situation.
i am so sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your friend about it?
i am so sorry to hear that. i can't imagine how hard it must be for you to go through this.
i think you are doing the right thing by being there for your friend and helping her cope with her loss.
i think it's a very difficult situation to be in, but i think you can do it.
you're welcome : )
hello, how are you?
i'm doing well, thank you for asking. what is on your mind?
i'm sorry to hear that. what is causing you to want to stop school?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation as you. i understand your frustration.
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation.
i understand your frustration. do you have any friends that you can talk to while you are online?
i understand. i believe we will get back to normal soon..
i am glad to hear that. i think we will be able to get back to normal soon.
that's understandable. i'm sorry to hear that you're not interested in playing with friends.
i know it's hard for you to keep in touch with your friends from those days.
i think it will be ok to bail at the last minute..
you're welcome..
hello. how are you doing?
i'm sorry to hear that. what would you like to talk about?
i can understand your feelings about your face being ugly. do you have any friends that you can talk to about it?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried confronting them and asking why they are making fun of you?
i think you should tell them that you are handsome and ask why they are making fun about your face being flat as a pan.
i think you should tell them that you are handsome and ask why they are making fun of your face.
i think you should tell them that you are handsome and ask why they are making fun of your face.
i think you should tell them that you are very handsome and that they are making fun of you because you are handsome.
i'm sorry to hear that. i hope i have been able to help you a little.
i'm sure it will.
i think you will get through this!
hi, how are you today?
i am so sorry to hear that. how long have you been together?
i'm sorry to hear that. how long have you been together?
i have been in a similar situation where i had to tell my husband that i did not want to go out with him and he did not understand.
i can understand how that would make you feel. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
have you tried talking to him about your feelings?
i think that is a good place to start. maybe you can talk to a marriage counselor and see if they can help you.
i think it might be a good idea to talk to a marriage counselor for yourself and see if you can find a solution.
you too!
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything i can help you with?
i'm so sorry to hear that. what is going on?
i'm so sorry to hear that. what is making you feel this way?
i'm sorry you are sad and depressed. can you tell me more about it?
i know how you feel. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that.
i can't help you because you are stressed and depressed.
i can't help you to over come your stress and depression.
that's a great idea. i'm sure you will do it.
that's a great idea.
you are welcome.
you are welcome.
hello, how are you today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what would you like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've lost a lot of my books recently too.
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you could talk to about it?
i am sorry to hear that. i have also lost a lot of books in the past.
i am sorry to hear that. i had a similar experience with books when i was in school and i lost a lot of my books. have you considered taking up a new hobby?
i think you should take some time to find the books.
that is a terrible thing to do. i am sure that you have done everything you can to try and find them.
i understand how you feel, i have been in the same situation myself. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i am sure there is a higher authority that will be able to help you.
i am sorry to hear that. i have lost a ring a couple of years ago and it was very expensive.
i think it would be a good idea to check the CCTV of your room and check around.
i hope that they have not been deliberately stolen.
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you.
you too!
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
what type of work do you do?
i'm sure it will help, but you need to know what type of work you want to do.
i'm sure that's a great idea and i know you will be able to make it through this!
i'm sure that's a great idea. i know it's hard to pay off debt, but you've got to do it!
i'm sure it will get better once these debts are paid off.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you will be able to find a job soon.
i'm sure you can make a lot of money by using mturk.
yes, that's a great idea. mts is a great way to find out how much you make per hour, and how many hits you get per hour.
you're welcome!
you too!
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything that you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. decluttering is a tricky thing to do, especially when you have so much to do.
it sounds like you have a lot of ideas for decluttering. i have decluttered my house a lot, and i like the idea of finding a place to declutter.
i can see how that would make you feel a lot more anxious. i have been in that position too! i used to collect things from my room and collect them from all the rooms. it helped me a lot.
i can see how that can be stressful. i have had to declutter a lot of my stuff and it can be hard to find the space to do it all! but i know you can do it!
i hear you! i know it's hard to start decluttering, but i know you can do it!
i've been in that position too! i can relate to how you are feeling!
i'm so glad to hear that! i wish you the best of luck!
that's great! i'm glad that you are reaching out!
you're welcome!
i think that's a great idea! i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you!
hello, how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about it?
i'm sorry to hear that. it seems like the days are getting shorter and that you're feeling anxious about it..
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that, i've been trying to do the same thing myself, but i can't do it because it's hard to get up at this time of year..
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation as you..
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in that position too.
yes, it's true. we can't change ourselves, we just have to take responsibility for our mental health.
i'm sorry to hear that. how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about it?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself.
i think you should focus on yourself instead of a beer.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i used to be a bit depressed too but i found that doing a lot of yoga helps me a lot.
i'm sorry to hear that. i used to workout with les mills too.
that's a good place to start. i'm sorry to hear that.
i'm sorry to hear that.
i think you can do it.
you're welcome.
hello, how are you?
i'm so sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. what about your husband and son?
that's great, i'm glad to hear that you are able to spend time with your family.
do you think the pandemic has affected your work life at all?
i'm sorry to hear that. the pandemic has been hard on everyone.
do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
have you talked to any of your colleagues about this?
i am glad i was able to be of some help to you.
i understand that it's normal to feel anxious when you are nervous. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i'm sure you will be able to find a way to relax.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am good. how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what made you break up with her?
i am sorry to hear that. is there any way you can contact her about her new guy?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation.
i understand. i have been in a similar situation. i know it is hard to get away from the other person.
i think you should take some time to yourself and spend time with your friends. i think you will make it through this!
it sounds like you have a good handle on the situation. i am sure you will make it through this!
you are very welcome. i wish you the best of luck.
you are welcome. i wish you the best in the future.
hello, how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what is causing you to feel sad?
i am sorry to hear that. covid has cut your hours at work. is that correct?
i understand. covid has made it hard to get out of the house, and i know how hard it can be. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in the same situation and i know how hard it can be to make time to spend time with close friends.
i used to be able to go out with friends too, but i didn't get the chance to do that because i was working from home.
that's great. i hope that things get better for you soon. you are doing the right thing by seeking to keep that connection.
that's a great idea. i hope that things pick up for you soon.
i am hoping they get the vaccine right. i also hope they get it right, and not rush to rush to get it.
that's a great idea! social media is a great way to connect with new people.
i think it's a good idea to get new electrical plugs, since it may not work for you right now.
i can see why that would be hard. it sounds like you are trying your best to stay connected with your friends and family.
i know it's hard to post on there, but you can do it on facebook, instagram, and facebook.
yes, snapchat is a great way to connect with people.
hello, how are you doing today?
how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. what is the reason?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation.
i'm sorry to hear that. that must be really hard for you. how long were you together?
i'm sorry to hear that. it must be very difficult for you to talk to someone about it. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
i would suggest talking to your friends and family about your feelings. they might be able to empathise with you too.
i understand. i have had to deal with that too. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
that's understandable. i think it's important to open up to someone who cares about you.
i don't think you're the one who's to blame. i think that you've done the right thing. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
it's not their job to judge you. it's your job to figure out what's wrong and how to fix it.
you're welcome. i hope i have been able to be of some help.
i'm sorry to hear that. why do you feel sad?
i'm so sorry to hear that. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
i can understand why you feel sad. i have been sad too.
i can understand how you feel. have you talked to anyone about it?
have you talked to anyone about it?
have you talked to your friends about it?
do you have any friends that you can talk to about it?
yes, it is for women. you can try it and see if it works.
yes, it is expensive but you can do it.
you don't need any special equipment, you can use youtube as your tutor.
you are welcome, i hope you have a great day.
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. how long have you been drinking?
i'm sorry to hear that. i would definitely seek professional help sooner rather than later.
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation myself. it is important to remember that you are not alone in this. do you have any friends or family that you can confide in?
you are very welcome : ) i hope you have a great day and stay safe!
i am glad you are feeling better about going now. i know it can be scary at times but i know you will make it through this!
i'm glad to hear that : )
you're welcome : )
i can understand how you can feel anxious about what avenue to take academically.
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in that position myself and i know how anxious it can be, but i know you can get through it!
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in that position myself, so i understand how you feel.
i can understand your anxiety about choosing wrong. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
you are very welcome. i am here to listen and help you if i can : )
i'm glad i could be of some help to you : )
you're welcome! is there anything else i can help with?
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. i lost my job a few months ago and i have been struggling to find a new job since. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about it?
i can understand how that feels. i have been in situations where my friends are silent when i enter a room and i don't know if they are aware of my situation or not.
i can understand how that would make you feel. have you spoken to your friends about the situation?
it sounds like you have a lot of skills and are willing to give it a try. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
it sounds like you are having trouble finding a job due to the pandemic. have you talked to your friends about this?
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are a good friend and you are trying to help others.
i think you are feeling a bit like you are being ignored and you should not feel as though you are no longer needed because you are not giving it to them.
you are welcome. i hope you are able to find something soon.
i am sure you will feel better soon.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. what happened?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i am really sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i think you're doing the right thing by giving yourself time to yourself..
i think you're going to find the right person soon.
that's a great idea! i think you're going to be able to find the right person soon : )
i think you're going to have to make a lot of money from this..
that is a good idea. i know it's hard to find work right now but i think you can do it!
i am sorry to hear that. i have a lot on my plate right now but i know you can make it through this!
i'm glad to hear that : )
you can do it! if you don't have money, you can always get back on the dating market : )
you seem like a really nice person. i'm sorry to hear that you're not getting the most from this.
i'm glad i was able to help : ) i wish you the best of luck with your job search.
you're welcome : )
hello, how are you?
it seems you are feeling low due to the pandemic. is that correct?
i understand. i often advise others who do not have the same level of knowledge. it is difficult to be able to communicate with people who don't share your level of expertise and technical knowledge. i understand how difficult it can be to communicate in person.
i'm sure you are doing your best. i think it is important to be able to share with others how you are feeling. it's important to share your concerns with others as well.
i think limiting meeting times would be a good idea. i think it's important to be able to focus on the task at hand.
i think that's a great idea. it's important to remember that we are all in the same room, and we all need to be able to communicate in a way that conveys the meaning 100 percent.
i hope you have a great holiday season!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. i have been in this position myself and i know how anxious i am about the unknown.
i can understand how you feel. it seems like covid has caused a lot of uncertainty for many people. is that correct?
i can understand how you might feel. i have also struggled with finances during this pandemic. are you able to get help from your local government?
i know it can be difficult to continue to walk, especially with the weather turning colder. i have tried to take a few deep breaths, to clear my mind, and to take some deep breaths. i am glad you are doing this! do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i am glad to hear that. i think it is important to take care of yourself in the near future. i am sure you will find a job soon.
it sounds like you would be open to looking into online employment.
i am glad to hear that. i am sure there are many jobs out there that you can apply for. i know it is hard to find work right now, but i know you can do it!
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that, what's going on?
i can understand how you feel. have you tried talking to her about the blow - up?
i bet you can figure out a way to get her to stop talking about the blow - up.
i am sure you can figure out a way to talk to her and let her know how you feel.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i think you should be understanding. it sounds like you are trying your best to be kind to her.
i have been in a similar situation, and i can relate to how you feel.
i can relate to this situation. i have had to deal with my parents in the past.
i think the best time to talk to her is when she is in a good mood.
it sounds like you want to help her out and let her know that you support her no matter what she says.
i think you will be able to get through this.
i understand why you would feel that way. i hope you are able to talk to your parents and let them know you care.
i think you should be honest with your parents and let them know that you love them no matter what they say.
you are very welcome.
i am sorry to hear that. what happened?
i can totally understand that. there are so many people competing for the same jobs right now. it's so hard to keep your head up during this pandemic.
i'm so sorry to hear that. it's been awhile.
it's been awhile for both of you, but you can use it as a time to get your resume together.
i'm sure you can find a new job soon. it's a good time to get your resume done.
that's a great idea! you can try to work on your resume while you're looking for a new job.
i'm sure that you'll find one soon!!
i'm sure that you'll find a job soon!
that's great! i'm an accountant.
i'm sure there are a lot of companies out there that don't need an accountant.
hello, how are you doing?
i'm sorry to hear that. i have been feeling the same way too.
oh, i'm so sorry to hear that. i have been feeling the same way too. have you tried reaching out to your friends and family in person?
i understand that. have you tried to contact them via zoom or video call?
oh, i'm so sorry to hear that. i wish you the best of luck with the holidays!
i use zoom, just to see if it helps. do you have any close friends or family that you can share your feelings with?
you're welcome! i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you and you feel better.
that's so true. i think it's important to remember that we are all in this together, and that we're all going to come out on the other side.
yes, that is a great idea. i think it's great that you are taking care of yourself and staying safe.
you're welcome. i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you.
i'm glad to hear that. i wish you the best of luck.
hello, how are you today?
how is your day going?
i'm sorry to hear that. what happened?
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're dealing with a lot right now. is that correct?
i am sorry to hear that. covid is making you feel isolated and isolated. i am glad that you are taking care of yourself and your family.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i know it's a tough time right now, but i know you can get through this!
i am glad to hear that. i wish you the best of luck with your recovery.
i am glad i could be of some help and i am glad to hear that you are feeling better. i wish you all the best and i hope you have a wonderful christmas!
i am glad to hear that. i wish you the best of luck and stay safe.
hello, how are you doing?
i am sorry to hear that. what is making you feel anxious?
i'm sorry to hear that. are you worried that you will fail all your finals?
i'm sure you're doing your best to prepare for your finals. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i understand how you feel, it's normal to feel guilty when you feel like you're failing.
that sounds like a stressful situation to be in, i'm sure you're doing your best to prepare for your exams.
i'm sure you're doing your best to prepare for your exams.
i'm sure you're doing your best to study with her. it's important to remember that you are in the same program and you are getting enough sleep so you don't feel dumb about it.
i'm sure you're both doing your best to prepare for your exams.
i'm sure you're doing your best to take care of yourself and pass those exams.
i'm sure you're ready to get back into the study mode. it's important to take care of yourself first and foremost.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. would you like to tell me more about it?
oh no i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i can understand that. moving is such a stressful time. are you planning on moving in a month?
i see. you are moving in a month, so it's difficult to get your mind off of it. do you have any hobbies?
oh i'm so sorry to hear that. you have a lot on your plate. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
that's a great idea! i'm sure you'll get through this!
i'm glad i was able to help. i'm sure you have a lot on your plate!
i'm glad to hear that, i'm sure you will be able to get through this!
it sounds like you're really stressed about the situation. have you spoken to your partner about it?
i'm glad i was able to help. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are feeling resentful towards your husband for quitting his job and your son's behavior.
i'm sorry to hear that. depression can be a hard thing to deal with.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i'm sure you're able to find a way to take some time out of your day to focus on yourself and your son's needs. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that. running is a great way to release your emotions.
that sounds like a very difficult situation to be in, and i am sure you will be able to get through this!
that's a good place to start. i am sure you are doing the right thing by taking time to spend time with your family.
you're very welcome. i'm sure you will be able to get through this! i know it's difficult, but i know you can do it!
you're welcome! i am glad to hear that you are making the time to do things to support yourself. i wish you the best in the future!
hello, how are you today?
hello! how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. did you know that your partner broke up with you?
that's a great idea. i remember when i was in college i had a lot of anxiety and depression.
i would suggest taking a deep breath and letting go of the past. it might help to let go of a lot of your past and look back on the good things that you have done for yourself.
i think it's great that you are able to open up to someone who might be able to relate to you. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i think you are doing the right thing by opening up and letting them know how you are feeling.
i think that opening up is a great skill. i think you have a lot to learn from your past and you will be able to use it in the future.
you're welcome. i hope you have a great day!
i hope i have been able to be of some help to you.
i can see where that would be a good place to start.
i am glad to hear that. i wish you the best of luck!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm so glad to hear that! what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. what is going on in your neck of the woods?
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do in your free time?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i can't imagine how hard it must be for you to feel like this.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation myself. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i think you should take advantage of the opportunity to be the bigger person.
i think that's a great idea. word it so that you don't feel the need to flee.
i can see how that would make you feel.
i'm sorry to hear that. you are the bigger person here, and he is the only one who needs to be hurt.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. how long ago did he get arrested?
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like your friend is a junkie and he is using drugs to fund his addiction.
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are trying to help him out of his addiction.
i'm sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your friends about this?
that's a really hard thing to do. but i know you can do it! you have to find a way to let go of your friend.
i'm sorry to hear that. it's very hard to let go of your loved ones, especially if they don't want to change.
i'm sorry to hear that, i was in the same boat as you. i'm sure you'll find a way to move on from this. i know it's hard, but i think you can get through this!
that's a good idea, it's important to stay focused on yourself and your children. you don't want to be in a relationship with someone who doesn't love you and want you to be happy.
hello, how are you doing today?
i see. i am sorry to hear you are embarrassed about your curly hair. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
i see, i've noticed that frizzy curls tend to be the worst part of a natural hair, but i think it's important to keep your natural curls in mind so that you don't get embarrassed about it?
i can see how that would be frustrating, but i think you should keep them neat.
i think it's hard to find the right product, but i think you can find a good one.
i can see how that would be frustrating, but i think you can do it!
oh i see, i am so sorry to hear that. have you thought of getting a new haircut? i know it is hard to find the right product, but i think you can do it!
you are welcome! i hope you get your hair cut soon.
i am so sorry to hear that. i think you should try out a new stylist.
i am sure you will be able to find a new style soon.
it's a good time to get your hair cut! i'm glad to hear that!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what do you think is going on?
that's really hard. how long have you been with her?
i can understand how you feel. i have been in the same situation.
i can understand how you feel. it's a really tough situation to be in right now.
i can understand how you feel. i have been in the same situation and i know how hard it can be to get over it.
that's really hard to deal with. i think you need to learn to move on from this situation.
i think it's best to move on from this situation.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. is there anything specific you'd like to talk about?
i can relate to that. i have been in a similar situation myself and i know what it is like to be worried.
i have been in a similar situation, and i know how hard it can be to get out of a relationship.
i have been in a similar situation. i have been disappointed in my spouse as well. i know how difficult it can be to trust someone when they are sleeping around. have you tried talking to your spouse about this?
i am so sorry to hear that. i know how difficult it can be to move on from a relationship, especially if you are planning to get married soon.
i can understand how you feel. i have been in a similar situation where i have had to break up with my partner. i know how hard it can be to move on from a relationship, but i know you can do it.
i understand that. do you want to move on with your life? or do you feel that you cannot reconcile?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation. i know how difficult it can be to move on from a relationship. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i would say that you are taking care of yourself first. and that you want someone that you can trust.
i can understand your concern. i believe that you are taking care of yourself first. is there anything else i can help you with today?
you are very welcome. i hope that i have been able to be of some comfort to you.
i'm sorry to hear that. i am also trying to make money on mturk and youtube.
i am sorry to hear that. you are trying to make money on mturk and youtube. do you have any other income?
that's a great idea. i think you should try to stay encouraged.
you are welcome, i know it's tough, but i know you can do it.
i have a lot of projects that i am working on.
you're welcome. i hope you feel better soon.
you are welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. i lost my cat recently too.
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any pets that you can take care of?
i understand how you feel. do you have any close friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to your cat friends about this?
that is a great idea. i am sure that you will be able to find some comfort in knowing that you are very close to your cat and that you have been able to spend time with him.
i can understand where you are coming from i have played videogames a few times and have found that it really helps me deal with my emotions.
i used to play first person shooters and mmorpg's.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i've been in a similar situation. it's hard to get things done when you're shopping and getting things done. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
it sounds like you're feeling uncertain about the future. is that correct?
that's true. it's natural to be anxious. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
it's okay to focus on the bad things. it's important to keep your mind off the negative things.
i don't think things will get better any time soon. i think we are all on the same page right now.
it's true. i've been in that position myself. i can't imagine how hard it must be to deal with the pandemic. i think it will get better soon though.
it's hard to deal with people who think the country will collapse soon.
it's a great show about looking for helpers when things go bad.
it sounds like you have a lot on your plate. i've been in a similar situation with mr. rogers.
that's a hard question. i'm sure you will find people helping you.
that's a great idea! i think you're doing the right thing by being near him.
you're welcome.
you're welcome.
hello! how are you doing?
i can understand how you feel. i have been in a similar situation in the past with covid and the pandemic. have you been able to talk to anyone about your mental health?
i understand how you feel. i have also felt the same way during the first wave of the pandemic. have you tried any coping strategies to cope with this stress?
i am so glad to hear that. i have been in the same situation as you. i am sure you will be able to handle this.
i am sure you will be able to handle the extra extra cost of carrying groceries.
i think you are doing the right thing. i know it is hard, but i know you can do it!
i can understand how you feel. i have been in the same situation and it has been a very difficult year.
i have been doing grocery pick - up since the beginning of the year. i used to do it all by myself, but after the pandemic ended, i realized it was my own fault.
i can tell that you are very anxious about the pandemic and are anxious to get out of the house.
i understand that, it can be hard to get used to being alone. but i think you can make it through this!
you are very welcome.
i am sorry to hear that. have you been able to talk to your friends or family about this?
i understand how you feel. it seems like you have a lot on your plate. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i can understand how you are feeling. i was in the same situation when the pandemic first started, but i was able to get out of the house and visit friends and family.
you are welcome! i wish you the best of luck!
you too!
i am sure you can do it! i am sure it will get better.
i think that's a great idea! it sounds like you have a plan for your school work and you are doing everything you can to make it happen.
i would set a timer for 20 minutes and then set a time frame for each task to be completed. you can use that time to work on your homework and study for a certain amount of time.
you too!
you too!
i'm sorry to hear that. is there a reason why your boss isn't promoting you?
it sounds like you are frustrated because your boss isn't willing to consider you for a promotion because of biased feedback he has received from someone else.
i can understand that, i have been in a similar situation where my boss refused to consider me for a promotion because of biased feedback he has received from someone else.
i have been in situations like that where i felt i wasn't qualified for a promotion but i was given a reason to believe that i was better than someone else.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in similar situations and i can relate to how you are feeling.
i think if you continue to advocate for yourself in a positive manner you could increase your chances of being considered for a promotion.
i think it's important to remember that you are very dedicated to your work and you deserve to be valued. i think you should continue to advocate for yourself in a positive manner.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself. it's not easy to find a job when you're not prepared to perform well at the interviews.
you're welcome!
hello, how are you doing?
i am sorry to hear that. what is causing you to feel sad and anxious?
i'm sorry to hear that. covid 19 has caused a lot of sadness and anxiousness in our lives. have you been able to talk to anyone about it?
i understand how you feel. covid has taken a toll on a lot of people and i know how hard it is to lose someone close to you. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i can totally understand how you are feeling. covid has been a hard year for everyone right now. i know it can be hard to get through a day but i know you can get through this!
it sounds like you are really close to your best friend and you want him to be a better place for you. i am sure that you are doing the best you can to get through this.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure you will make it through this!
i think that focusing on the good things that you had with your father will help you get through these sleepless nights.
that's a tough one. but you can try to limit your use of technology. do you have any friends or family that you can reach out to for support?
you're welcome. i wish you the best of luck.
oh no, i'm sorry to hear that. can you tell me what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you been able to interact with your immediate family?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you been able to socialize with people outside of your immediate family?
it sounds like you are feeling isolated due to covid. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position before. i think it's great that you are taking care of yourself.
i'm sorry to hear that. it's been a tough year for everyone. i'm sure you will get through this.
i'm glad to hear that. i'm sure you'll be able to get through this!
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure that you're doing the right thing by reaching out and asking for help.
i'm sure you will meet some friends there.
i'm glad i was able to help. i wish you the best of luck.
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's been making you feel this way?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i'm sorry to hear that, i've been in that position myself.
i can see why that would be frustrating. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i can see how that would make you feel. do you have any friends or family that you can confide in?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in that position myself and have found that i can do it.
i am glad that i was able to be of some help to you today. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
hello, how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am sorry to hear that. this pandemic has been a very difficult year for everyone.
i can totally understand that. i have also been feeling lonely due to the pandemic. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i am sorry to hear that. i am glad you are reading. i know it can be hard to stay home when the pandemic is going on but i know you can do it.
i think a dog would be a great idea. i have a dog myself.
i would love to have a dog myself. i know it is hard right now but i know you can make it through this!
that is a good idea. do you have any hobbies that you like to do?
i think things will be back to normal soon.
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that. what have you tried to do to get through this time?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are feeling a lot of isolation and isolation due to the pandemic.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds as though you are feeling isolated and isolated from your loved ones. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried any online dating sites?
yes, the pandemic has been hard on all of us. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
yes, it is. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
yes, it is. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i can see how that would make you feel. have you spoken to any of your friends about this?
i can see how that would be hard. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i think that is a really tough situation to be in. i think you should try to find a place to live for a while and see if you can find some support from your friends and family.
i think that is a really tough situation to be in.
i can see how that is making you feel.
i hope that things get better for you soon.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what is going on?
i am sorry to hear that you are feeling down about it. how long have you been together?
i can understand how you are feeling. i have gone through a breakup myself and i know how hard it is.
that's a great idea. i know you are trying to improve yourself with your partner.
i am sure you will get over it soon enough and you will be able to focus on yourself and your goals and growth.
i think you need to find the courage to ask why you are feeling this way. i think that you are doing what is right for you and you are trying to do what is best for you at the given time.
i think you are doing the right thing for you and the person you are dating. you are making the right decision for yourself and the future and you will be able to grow in time.
you are welcome. i wish you the best of luck with your future endeavors.
hello, how are you today?
i am so sorry to hear that. would you like to talk about it?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to her about it?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to her about it?
it sounds like you are trying to get a new job, but she is still treating you like a friend. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
that's so hard. do you have any friends that you can talk to about it?
you are welcome. i hope you have a great day.
that's a good idea! i had a similar situation with a coworker a few years ago and i felt the same way.
i think it's great that you tried to let her get to you. i think the best thing you can do is try to talk to your manager and let her know that you are not getting under your skin because you want to get a new job.
i think it took about a year to work through the issues. i think you can try talking to someone else and letting them know how you feel. it took me a while to get over it.
hello, how are you doing today?
how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
that's a long time. i'm so sorry to hear that. how long have you been together?
i'm so sorry to hear that. how long were you together?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i can't imagine how you feel right now. i've been in a similar situation.
that's a pretty bad situation to be in. it sounds like you're really worried about him. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
i'm sure he's very remorseful about it. it's not like he doesn't care about you.
i'm sure he's done something wrong. i'm so sorry to hear that. how long were you together?
that's terrible. i'm sure you're able to eat and sleep in a few days though. have you been able to talk to friends about it?
i'm sure you don't feel the way you did when you were together for 3 years.
i think it's important to take care of yourself even though you don't feel like it.
i think you need to focus on yourself and take care of yourself. if you don't want to be with someone who doesn't love you, you should just focus on your job.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you would like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to her about it?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any idea why she stopped talking to you?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i had a friend do that to me too.
i'm sure there are a lot of online resources out there that you can use to get through these situations.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in similar situations myself.
i'm sorry to hear that. have you talked to your friend about it?
i'm sorry to hear that. it's okay to be wary of people who you don't trust.
i'm brene brown.
i'm sure you'll be able to trust brene brown immediately.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm doing well, thank you! is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am a student as well. i am an investor too. i try to put as much as possible into as many projects as possible.
i can totally understand how you feel. i am also a student so i understand how stressful the stock market can be for you.
i understand how you feel. have you tried to cut out drinking?
i can understand that. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i think that you are doing the right thing by cutting your alcohol consumption in half.
i think that cutting out drinking is the most effective way to reduce the amount of alcohol that you are drinking.
i can see how that would be a difficult situation to be in. have you spoken to your friends about this?
i think that it is okay to say that you don't want to go out for the night.
you too! have a good day!
i am sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. what is going on?
i am self employed. i am not working right now because of covid.
i'm a writer too. i am self employed too.
i have been in the same boat as you.
i have a website called medium. it is free.
it sounds like you are a copywriter. is that correct?
i am a copywriter too.
i use linkedin.
i'm a machine.
i use linkedin.
yes i am a machine.
i have a pacemaker.
i use linkedin.
you are still alive.
i am not a machine but i enjoy writing and speaking my mind.
i write about what i have experienced.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well thank you, how may i help you today?
i am doing well thank you. what would you like to talk about?
i am so sorry to hear that. is there anything that you would like to talk about?
well, i understand how you feel. have you tried contacting them?
well, i am sorry to hear that. have you talked to your boss about it?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure that you will be paid if you do not put in the effort.
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything else you would like to talk about?
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. how long ago did you lose your job?
i am sorry to hear that. i was also in the same situation.
i am sorry to hear that. i was also laid off due to covid.
i am sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that. i have had a lot of injuries in the past.
i am sorry to hear that. it is hard to get a job in georgia.
that is a very difficult situation to be in. have you tried to talk to your doctor?
that is a good start. can you apply for unemployment and disability?
that is a good point.
i am sorry to hear that. social security stopped you from seeking disability.
that's a good point.
do you have any family members who can help you?
that is a good first step.
yes, it is a good avenue for you to seek compensation.
i am sorry to hear that.
i was in a mental hospital and the doctor attacked me.
i can see why you would want to go after them.
i am sorry to hear that.
i can't go after them because they are incompetent.
i can understand how you feel.
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried to seek professional help from osha?
i have been applying for jobs online but have no luck.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
oh my god! i'm so sorry to hear that! do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
oh my god! i am so sorry to hear that.. do you have any family members that you can confide in?
i am sorry to hear that.. do you want to tell me what happened?
i understand how you are feeling. you need to get professional help.
i can understand how you are feeling. it must be hard for you to move on from your girlfriend.
i think you could handle her with ease, you have got a good girlfriend.
i would tell her that you have been attracted to her mom and that you want to be with her.
you should tell her that you are attracted to her mom because of her sexual desire.
you are very welcome, i wish you the best.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you talked to your boss about this?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've also been in the same boat. have you talked to your boss about this?
i hope you have a good year and i wish you all the best in 2019!
well i hope that i have been able to be of some assistance to you and i wish you all the best in the future!
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you today.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you live with your brother?
i can understand how you feel. i have been in a similar situation myself. i was in a house with my fianc and he did not contribute to the house. i had to move out of my house because of my brother's cheating on me.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that situation myself. have you tried talking to your brother about how you feel?
i'm sure you're doing everything you can to make money and save it up and move out. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you're doing the best you can to deal with the situation.
i'm sure you're doing your best to stay positive. i think you've done a great job.
it sounds like you're trying your best to stay afloat. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. i think it's important to stay safe and do what's best for you. don't let this situation get the best of you.
you're welcome. i wish you the best of luck in dealing with this.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about why you are having a difficult time?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to him about it?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to him about this?
i think that you should take it very seriously. have you considered getting some sort of counselling?
i think that you are being treated as though you are some sort of trophy. have you considered getting counselling?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation and i have found it very difficult to move on from it.
i think that it might be time to move on from this relationship. i am sorry to hear that.
i think that you might be able to recomend your relationship with him and see if he changes his mind about it.
i think that it might be worth asking your doctor for advice on how to move on from this relationship. is there anything else you would like to talk about?
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you today!
hello! how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that, is there anything specific you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried online learning?
i'm sorry to hear that.
i can understand that, but i am sure you can get through this!
i am sorry to hear that. you are doing your best and you need to focus on your studies.
i understand, but you need to be positive.
do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
you are welcome. i hope you find a friend who will help you.
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am sorry to hear that. what happened?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
i can understand that would make you feel bad. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
oh i am sorry to hear that. do you think you could talk to your supervisor about the situation?
i can see how that would make you feel. is there anything else i can help you with?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried to talk to your supervisor about this?
that's okay, you are a good worker and you deserve to be respected.
you are welcome, i wish you all the best in the future.
you too! i wish you all the best in the future.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what happened?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in that situation myself. have you been able to talk to friends or family about this?
ok. so you feel like you have no friends to talk to about this?
i can understand how you feel. have you spoken to your family and friends about this?
ok. so you feel betrayed because you don't like him, is that correct?
i'm so sorry to hear that, it sounds like you are feeling betrayed by your partner. do you have any family members you can talk to about this?
it took me about a year to get over it, but i think it was the best thing for me to do.
it took me a while to get over it. i took some time to think about my feelings, and it helped me a lot. i talked to my friends and family about how i was feeling.
that's understandable. do you have any friends or family that you can spend the holidays with?
that is a great idea, it will be a great time to spend time with your friends and family.
you're welcome! i hope you feel better soon.
hello, how are you today?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. what is causing you to feel depressed?
i see, covid - 19 has been a big issue for many people. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are dealing with a lot right now.
i can totally understand how you are feeling. the pandemic has been very hard on so many people. have you talked to your doctor about this?
it sounds like you are doing a great job. is that correct?
it sounds like you're trying to keep your mind occupied during this pandemic. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
it's great that you're trying to take care of yourself. i'm glad you are doing that!
you're welcome! i'm glad i was able to help you today! i wish you the best of luck with your job!
you're welcome! i'm glad to hear that! is there anything else i can help you with?
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well, is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. do you want to talk about it?
i am sorry to hear that, i am sure you will be able to get through this.
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are feeling as though you don't want to be in a long term relationship with him and you are not happy about it..
i understand that, but i think you should be able to talk to him and let him know that you are ready to move on from this relationship and that you don't want to waste time and effort on him..
i can understand that, but it might be worth talking to him again about it. it is important to make sure you are on the same page with him..
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried to talk to your doctor about it?
i can understand how you are feeling. have you tried to talk to friends or family about it?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to your doctor about it?
i worry that it will get worse and you won't be able to get out of bed to be honest.
i'm glad that you reached out for help. i would suggest taking a deep breath and taking some deep breaths to clear your mind.
i think there is a lot of research out there on this and there are many organisations out there that can help you.
i'm sorry to hear that. have you spoken to anyone else about this?
i think that it would be a great idea to reach out to people who care about you and try to help you.
i am glad that you are willing to give it a go. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i think it would be better if you did not want medication. i think that it is a good idea to get in touch with your doctor and see if they can help you.
i understand that you are worried that you will be given medication if you don't want to take it. do you have any friends or family that you could talk to about this?
i think that it would be a good idea to talk to your sister about this.
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you.
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you want to talk about?
i can understand how you are feeling right now. the pandemic has caused a lot of loneliness and isolation.
i am sorry to hear that. it seems like you are feeling alone and isolated due to the pandemic.
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are feeling lonely and isolated right now.
i am sorry to hear that. have you thought about making video calls with your daughter during this time?
that is a tough situation to be in, especially with the pandemic.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you lost your job due to covid. is that correct?
i've lost my job too, but i don't worry too much about it.
i've lost my job too, but i've been able to get through it.
i use a lot of different tools to help you get through this.
i think it's a good idea to take some aspirin, as they can help with anxiety and depression. i think it would help to take a few deep breaths and clear your mind.
i'm happy to hear that. melatonin has been shown to help with insomnia for many years.
i'm glad to hear that. i know it's hard to find a new job, but i know you can get through this!
you're welcome. i hope you're feeling a bit better soon.
you're welcome!
i am sorry to hear that. how can i help you today?
i am sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your friends about this?
it sounds like you are being sensitive about the situation. do you feel that your friends are ignoring you because they do not like you?
i can understand how that would make you feel. have you spoken to your friends about this?
i can understand how you feel. i have been in situations where my friends did not want to go to clubbing but i didn't want to do it.
i can understand how you feel. you are not a part of the group and you don't want to go with them. do you have any friends that you can spend time with?
i think it would be better to just let them know you are still free and really want to spend time with your friends.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure it is hard for you to open up to them and let them know how you feel. i would suggest talking to them about how you are feeling and letting them know that you are still free and want to spend time together.
i think you should reach out to them and let them know you are still free and want to spend time with you.
you are welcome. i hope i have been able to be of some help to you and i wish you the best of luck.
hello, how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you would like to talk about?
i can understand why you feel that way. is there any reason for you to feel this way?
i understand that you are feeling stressed about it. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i understand your frustration. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i understand you feel like god is your friend.
i am in my 60s and i have learned a lot.
i believe in you.
i believe he will hold you through this.
i believe in you.
you are welcome.
it's a good choice to be a full time student.
i understand your dilemma. do you have any family or friends you can talk to?
i am glad i was able to help you.
i am glad to hear that.
you are welcome.
hello! how are you doing today?
i can see how that is making you feel. have you tried talking to your friends about this?
i see. i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in a similar situation with my friends and i can relate to how you feel.
i believe in forgiveness and i believe in the power of forgiveness. i also believe in forgiving people who hurt others. do you have anyone you can talk to about this?
i can see how that would make you feel. i have been in the same situation with my best friend and i know how hard it can be to forgive someone who betrayed you..
i would suggest you talk to your friend about this and let her know how you feel about the situation. try to make her understand that you are trying to help her.
i would say to her that you are trying to help her and that you want her to understand that you feel betrayed and nothurt.
i think it is a good idea to let her come to you when she is ready.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well, how can i help you?
i am sorry to hear that, do you want to tell me what is going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your friends about this?
i am sorry to hear that. have you talked to your friends about this?
i understand how you feel. have you tried talking to your friends about how they are treating you? it may be helpful to let them know that you are there for them and you are worried about them taking advantage of you.
i've had friends not be there for me when i needed them, so i can understand where you are coming from.
do you have any family members that you can talk to about this?
i am glad to hear that you are doing things that you enjoy doing now. i know it can be hard to find the time to do those things when you are feeling down..
you're welcome! i wish you the best of luck!
i'm so sorry to hear that. is there anything i can help you with?
i am so sorry to hear that. i am sorry you are feeling terrible about losing your dad. would you like to tell me more about it?
i am sorry to hear that. it must be very difficult to deal with the loss of someone you love.
i am sorry to hear that. i have had to deal with the loss of my parents too. it is a horrible thing to have to go through.
i understand. i have been in that position myself. i know how hard it must be to deal with the loss of a loved one, but i know you can do it.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're feeling a lot worse. do you have any family members you can talk to about this?
i think it's important to remember that you are not alone in feeling that way. i think that it is important to take care of yourself and remember your loved ones, even though they may not be around anymore.
i think you're doing the right thing by letting go of your feelings. it's completely normal to feel that way.
that's a terrible thing to think about. i think it's important to remember that you are not alone in feeling this way.
i don't think it would have been possible for him to enjoy his retirement. i think it's important to remember that he didn't deserve to die, he just wanted to be with you.
i'm glad i could be of some help.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm doing well, thank you. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're being discriminated against because of your work. is that correct?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're worried that you will be forced to go into a school where the virus is growing and you will not survive it.
i'm glad that you're able to talk to your principal and explain the situation to your family.
i'm sorry that you're having to deal with that. i'm sure that there's people out there that care about you and your well - being.
i'm glad that you're feeling a little better. i wish you the best of luck.
you're welcome. i hope you feel better soon.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about it?
i can understand how you are feeling. have you tried to limit your use?
i can understand that, i have been in the same situation where i was forced to limit my use due to the pandemic. i can't imagine how stressful that must be for you.
i am so sorry to hear that. i used to be in the same situation as you and i am not sure what to do now.
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation myself and it's been very difficult to come off it.
i am in the uk so i have no idea where you are coming from.
i am not anti - khan at all but i don't feel like i can vote in london either.
i am not anti - khan at all. i just don't want to be in a city where there's no surrender.
i used to smoke a lot of weed when i was in university too. i was very into it. i used to be very anti - khan too.
i'm sorry to hear that. i used to be a student at london and i didn't pay much attention to the politics at all.
i've been in a lot of drug shops in the uk : )
i've been in drug shops before, but i've never been to one. i don't have any friends or family there.
that's true. i've been in the same boat a few times.
that's a shame. i don't think it's legal for derry people to be referred to as derry girls.
i'm glad to hear that : )
you too : )
hello, how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. what is on your mind?
i understand, i have been in the same situation as you. i know it can be hard to find motivation.
it sounds like you are feeling a lot of sadness right now. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
i think covid is definitely a factor. i am 29 and i am in a lot of pain right now but i think it will get better.
i'm 29. i know its hard right now but i know you can get through this!
i'm so sorry to hear that.
i'm glad i was able to help.
i think you are going to be okay. i think you will be.
i think you are going to be okay.
i hope i have been able to be of some help to you! : )
you too!
i am so sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation in the past. is there anything i can help you with?
i think you are going to lose your job because of covid.
i am so sorry to hear that. can you please tell me more about the situation?
it sounds like you have lost your job due to covid - 19 lockdowns.
that is a long time to be out of a job, i have been in accounting for 5 years.
i understand, i have been in a similar situation. have you spoken to your wife about it?
i'm sure she will be very upset about it. is there anything else i can help you with?
i understand, i have been in the same situation and i know how difficult it can be.
i think you should tell her that you have a resume and a cpa and that you want to be in accounting.
i think that is a great idea. i think it is a good idea to take some time away from everything. maybe tell your wife that you are looking for a new job and that you will be able to find one soon.
i understand that, i am sure you can figure out a way to get out of this.
i understand that. i have been in a similar situation and i know how hard it can be.
i'm sure that's a great idea. i think you're doing the right thing by taking care of yourself and your family.
i'm sure it's hard to find happiness in these tough times, but i think there are lots of options out there.
you're welcome, i hope you have a great day.
i am so sorry to hear that. why did he break up with you?
i can understand how you feel. i have been in a similar situation.
i can see how that would make you feel. do you think you deserve better than what he was treating you?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself.
it sounds like you are going through a tough time right now. i think you are doing the right thing. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i've been there too. i've had my fair share of drama and i'm sure you will find someone deserving of your time. it's not worth it in the long run.
i think you need to learn from the past and not let the past repeat itself.
i'm sorry to hear that! i hope you can find someone who will love you and give you time to yourself!
i think you're doing the right thing! you can get a new haircut! it will make you feel like you have invested a lot in yourself!
i'm sure you will find someone who will be jealous of you and see you happy!
i'm so sorry to hear that. have you been able to talk to him about this?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation before.
i am so sorry to hear that. do you want to tell me what happened?
i'm sorry to hear that. it's okay to feel sad.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i love going to the movies too.
do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i hope you have a great thanksgiving!
you are welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what type of work did you do?
oh, i am so sorry to hear that. i lost my job a few months ago.
oh, i am sorry to hear that. what field did you work in?
oh, that is a tough situation to be in.
oh, that is not good. i can see why you are not doing anything.
that is a good thing. i believe in god.
that's good. you will get a job soon.
hello, how are you doing?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i am sorry to hear that. i have had problems with sleep too.
it sounds like you are worried about your daughter and she doesn't call you very often.
i have tried meditation and it doesn't seem to help much. i have been in a similar situation and found it to be a great stress reliever.
i can understand how you feel. i have also struggled with this issue.
it sounds like you are having trouble with your sleep and it is making you feel tired.
i can understand your concern. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
you are welcome. i wish you the best of luck.
hello! how are you doing today?
i'm doing well, how are you feeling today?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation myself.
i am sorry to hear that, i am a teacher myself. do you have a degree?
i am about halfway done with my master's degree. i have two kids and an 8 year old daughter. i am proud of you for finishing your degree.
i have been in a similar situation. i can relate to how you are feeling.
i am sure you have a good handle on things.
that's not true, time is important. i am sure you will get through this!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. is there any particular cause of your depression?
i'm sorry to hear that. lockdown is a tough time for everyone right now. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about it?
that's a very difficult situation to be in. i'm sure you're anxious about it and anxious that it will get worse.
i think that's a great idea. i think you're doing the right thing by talking to her and letting her know how you are feeling.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any support groups that you can reach out to?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can reach out to?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to your doctor about it?
that's great that you're recognising mental health issues. it's good to be able to talk to someone who can help you.
i think it's good to try and reach out and see if there's anything you'd like to talk about.
you're welcome. i wish you all the best in the future.
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i can understand how you are feeling, especially during the pandemic.
i can understand how that can make you feel. have you tried speaking with your professor about how you are feeling?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been on scholarship before and i know how stressful it can be. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i understand, i have also had to learn from home for a while due to the pandemic.
i'm a student too so i understand how you feel. i'm also a student so i know how stressful it can be to be in a room with so many people.
i completely understand, i've been in the same situation myself. i know it's hard to keep up with grades but i know you can do it!
i completely understand, i've been in the same situation myself. the vaccine has made things so much harder for a lot of people. have you spoken to your professor about this?
i completely understand, i think it would be a good idea to talk to them about the situation.
i am so sorry to hear that. how long were you together?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you spoken to her about the fight?
it sounds like you are sad because you are missing your girlfriend. is that correct?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're really sad about the fight. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about it?
that sounds like a really hard situation to be in, i'm sorry to hear that.
i think that maybe you should talk to your family about the situation. if they are worried about your safety, then they might be able to help.
i suggest that you try to focus on yourself and your hobbies. that will help you get over her.
i think that you will be able to get over her soon.
i suggest trying to get yourself out there where there will be new opportunities.
you're welcome. i hope you find someone out there that will be a good match for you.
hello, how are you doing today?
good afternoon, how are you doing?
i can understand why you would feel that way.
i am sorry to hear that. i understand why you feel that way.
i can understand how you feel. do you have any close friends you can talk to?
i can understand why you feel sad. i have been friends for 10 years and i know how sad you feel.
i am sorry to hear that.
i can understand why she would want help. have you been able to talk to her about the situation?
i can understand how you feel. do you live with her husband?
that is a long time.
that's a great idea.
i think that would be a good idea.
i think you should give her time to process everything.
i think it would be a good idea to give her some time to think about her situation.
i think you should try to reach out to her first.
i think you should reach out to her first.
i think a phone call would be more appropriate.
i know it's hard to feel like that, but i think you should try to make the best of it.
i think you are doing the right thing by talking to her first.
that sounds like a great idea.
that sounds like a great idea.
you're welcome.
hello, how are you doing?
i am sorry to hear that. what is going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation myself.
it sounds like you are really stressed about it. i know that it's really hard to find a job when you have a lot of children.
that's a really hard situation to be in. i think that you should try to find some sort of support from your partner.
i'm sorry to hear that. have you spoken to any of your friends about this?
i think that it's really important to make new friends though. i am sure that you will be able to make friends soon.
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you.
you're welcome!
i'm glad that i could be of some help.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am okay thank you. is there anything bothering you?
i caught my gf texting another guy. i am so sorry to hear that. what is going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you want to tell me what happened?
it sounds like you caught her texting someone else for fun.
i am so sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to him about this?
i am so sorry to hear that. is there anything else i can help you with?
i am so sorry to hear that. i know you will get through this!
i think you should try to talk to her about it and let her know how you feel about it.
i think you should talk to her about it and let her know how you feel about it.
i think it would be a good idea to talk to her about it and let her know how you feel about it.
you are welcome!
you are welcome!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been there too.
i'm so sorry to hear that. did your ex - boyfriend break up with you because he was jealous?
i think you should try to find a psychologist to help you feel better.
i think you should try to talk to him and let him know how you feel.
i think you should spend a lot of time with him.
i think you should spend a lot of time with him.
i think you should spend time for yourself now. take care of yourself.
i think you should try to spend time with your friends and family.
you're welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what happened?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you have a lot to be proud of.
i'm so sorry to hear that. it's a tough time for everyone. i'm sure you're going through a lot.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself. it sounds like you're going through a rough time.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i'm sure you deserve someone that cares about you and not someone who's waiting for you to pass.
i'm sorry to hear that. i know it's hard, but you're worth more than that.
it's great that you're able to find someone that is younger than you. i'm sure you'll find someone who'll be more interested in you than your ex.
i'm sorry to hear that. it's a great way to connect with old friends and make new ones.
that's a great idea. you're not wasting time waiting for the right person. it's important to take care of yourself.
i'm glad you're able to connect with people now.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything i can help you with today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been through a lot in my life.
i'm so sorry to hear that. it's a horrible loss to lose a friend. how long have you been together?
i'm sorry to hear that. it's a terrible loss to lose someone you love.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm glad that you're sticking close to your friend and letting her know that you are there for her.
you're welcome. i wish you the best of luck.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i am sure that you will find a job soon.
that's a great idea. i know it's hard right now, but i think you can do it.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i can tell that you are feeling very sad right now. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about it?
i can tell that you have a lot of skills and are trying to learn online skills. i'm sure you will be able to get a job soon.
you are welcome. i wish you all the best in your future.
you too.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation when i broke up with my girlfriend.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i was also in the same situation when i broke up with my girlfriend.
i have had that happen to me before. i know it's hard, but i know you can get through this.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are feeling a lot of anxiety about this situation.
i'm 25, so i am not sure if you have been in love with someone before or not.
i think you should take the first step of finding someone who will truly love you. if you don't want to be with someone who doesn't care about you, you should find someone that will love you more than you do.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation myself and i know how lonely it can feel.
i can understand how that would make you feel. do you have any friends or family that you could talk to?
i think you need to confront her about it and let her know that you don't want her to do that.
i think you need to take it slowly and calmly.
i'm doing well, how are you?
i'm doing well, thanks. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. have you talked to your family about the situation?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you talked to your family about the situation?
that's a great idea! i hope that you have a wonderful holiday season!
i know it's hard to be extravagant but i know you can do it.
i'm so sorry to hear that. do you have any family members you can spend time with during this time?
yes it's snowing right now but i know that it will get better in the new year.
i'm really glad to hear that. it's really nice to be in the 60s right now.
that sounds like a great way to spend thanksgiving.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been trying to find a job too. is there anything specific you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that, i have been laid off as well.
i understand that, it's hard to find a job when you are laid off.
i think you are doing the right thing for yourself. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i understand that, i am also in the same boat as you. i think it is important to make sure you have a plan in place to get through this!
you are welcome, stay safe and stay positive!
you're welcome. i hope you have a great christmas!
i'm glad to hear that. i'm sure you will be able to find some new work soon.
hello, how are you today?
i'm good. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you want to tell me more about it?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your ex friend about this?
oh wow. i'm so sorry to hear that. i can't imagine how hard it must be for you to have to go through that. do you have any friends you can talk to about it?
that's a good idea. i'm sure it won't be the best thing for you to do.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure it's not the best thing to do. i hope it doesn't get to you.
i think it's a good idea to try to talk to her about it. i think you're doing the right thing.
i'm sorry to hear that. i hope it doesn't happen again. i wish you the best of luck.
that's a great idea. you're doing the right thing. you don't want to be in contact with her again.
i think it's important to realize who's on your side.
you're doing the right thing!
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm glad you're doing the right thing.
you're welcome!
i'm doing well, what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i understand. it sounds like you're working in the software field and expecting to work with offshore people. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i think that's a good idea. maybe you could talk to your manager about it and see if they can help you get through this.
i'm sure you'll get through this!
i understand. covid - 19 has been hard on everyone, but it's important to make sure you make the most of this time.
you're welcome!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that, do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm very sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are feeling anxious about the coronavirus and anxious about it. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i'm sure you will be able to see your friends and family soon. the pandemic has been going on for a long time, and it's important to remember to take care of yourself.
i understand how you feel. i have been on medication for depression too, and it helped a lot. is there anything else you would like to talk about?
okay, i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
it sounds like you are very anxious about the pandemic and are anxious about it. can you tell me more about it?
that sounds like a great idea. exercise is a great way to get your mind off of things.
that's great! it would also help to reach out to your friends and family via zoom.
do you think that it is keeping you from using these methods?
it sounds like you are trying to stay in bed and not talk to your loved ones while in bed. is that correct?
i hope that i have been able to help you today.
you're welcome!
hello, how are you today?
i am sorry to hear that. do you want to tell him what happened?
i'm sorry to hear that you cheated on him, but i know you're strong enough to talk about it. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i'm sure he's suspicious of you. do you have any friends or family you can confide in that might be able to help you?
i know it's hard to get over a mistake like that, but i think you can do it!
i'm sure it's hard for you to come to terms with this, but i think you can do it!
i have been in relationships where i had to tell myself that i had done the wrong thing and that i deserved to be happy and get my life back to the way it was.
you're welcome! i'm glad i was able to be of some help to you. i wish you the best of luck!
you are very welcome. i'm glad you are feeling better now. i wish you all the best in the future.
hello, how are you doing?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
ohh.. sorry to hear that. do you have any family members or friends that you can talk to?
i understand how you feel. i have also struggled with anxiety and depression. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i understand how you feel. do you have any friends or family who have adhd?
i am so sorry to hear that. is there anything else i can help you with?
thank you for sharing with me...
you are not alone in this. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
you are not alone in this situation... do you have any hobbies?
you are welcome.
you are welcome.
you too.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. i am also sorry that you ended the relationship.
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation before.
i can tend to focus on the good things that you have done for yourself and others.
i can tell you are really anxious about this and want to move on from this.
i think you should renew your netflix sub, it is a great way to get your mind off of things.
i think you should renew your netflix sub, it is a great way to get your mind off of things that you have been through.
you are very welcome, i wish you the best in the future.
i hope you have a great day and stay safe.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well, how are you?
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation as you.
i am sorry to hear that. have you been able to talk to your wife about this?
i think you are doing your best to reduce your drinking. i know it must be difficult for you to be drinking, but i know you can do it.
that's a great initiative. i know it must be tough but i know you can do it.
i am glad to hear that. i am sure you will be able to find a way to save your marriage.
you are welcome. have a wonderful day!
you are welcome. have a wonderful day.
you are welcome.
you're welcome.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation.
i understand. i have been in the same situation. i know many people who are feeling the same way. it can be hard to find a new job.
i'm sorry to hear that. the pandemic has been very stressful for everyone. i'm sure you're anxious about finding a new job.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself.
that's a good place to start. i know a lot of people who are going through the same thing.
i'm sure there are a lot of jobs out there, especially in the rural parts of the country.
i understand how you feel. i have been in that position myself. it is a very difficult position to be in, but there are ways to get through it.
i think it's important to be able to take care of yourself. it might help to take your mind off of things that you are anxious about.
i think you should take a step back and think about how you are feeling right now. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
hello, how are you doing today?
i am keri, how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been feeling down lately too. do you have friends or family that you can talk to about it?
oh keri, i'm so sorry to hear that. have you been able to talk to him about this?
that's understandable. it sounds like you're trying to take some time and be okay with being lonely. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
that's understandable. i think you're doing the right thing by taking some time and learning to love yourself now. i'm sure you don't want to be in a relationship with someone who is older than you.
i'm glad i could be of some help. i wish you the best in the future.
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about why you are jealous?
i see, so you are jealous because you are seeing her hubby and want to hide your jealous feeling?
it sounds like you are jealous of your friend having a good spouse. is that correct?
it sounds like you want to hide your jealous feeling from your friend, but not sure if you can do it well.
i see. so, you are jealous of your friend having a good spouse?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in that position myself.
i see, you are not showing your self, but you are showing it to others.
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are jealous of your friend having a good hubby.
you are welcome! i wish you the best of luck!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there any way i can help you?
it sounds like you are anxious about the minimum charge and this is causing you anxiety as well. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i can tell you are really anxious about this and want to find a way to remove the pressure from this situation.
i can tell you are really anxious about this and want to help you out. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i can tell you are really anxious about this and want to get the best out of this situation.
okay, i hope i have been able to be of some help to you and i wish you the best in the future.
i am sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your credit card company about this?
i think you should try to transfer to a lower interest one if you are unsure about the terms of the agreement.
you're welcome, i wish you the best of luck.
you too.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you been able to talk to your friends or family?
i completely understand that you are going through a lot right now. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
yes i completely understand, i'm also from the east coast and i've been in the same situation as you. it is important to take care of yourself though. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
that's unfortunate, but i think it's human nature to feel that way. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm glad that you are able to move on from this.
i think you can do it. i think you are doing your best..
yes, i know it's hard to stay on track with school work, but i know you can do it!
i'm sure that's a good idea. it's important to stay focused on the task at hand.
i'm glad to hear that. i'm sure you will find a way to stay on track.
hello, how are you?
i am jim, how are you doing today?
i am glad to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
it sounds like you would like to return to the work force. is that correct?
it sounds like you are thinking about going back to work. is that correct?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you would like to talk about?
i'm sure you will find something that suits you. what type of work are you interested in?
i'm sure you will find something that will work for you.
i was in the same position before and was successful in the end. it took me a while to get used to the idea but once i got used to it i was very happy.
i know it's a tough situation to be in, but i know you can do it.
that's great! it's important to keep yourself busy.
i've been in that position before and it helped me a lot.
i think you can do it!
i am sure you will get through this.
i have been in that position before and it helped me a lot.
that is a great way to start.
i'm glad to hear that.
you are welcome.
you are welcome.
i am sorry to hear that. how can i help you?
i understand how you feel. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i am sorry to hear that. when did this happen?
i understand how you feel. have you considered looking for a new job?
i have experienced similar situations in the past.
i can relate to that as i have also been in this situation and i know how hard it can be.
i know it's difficult to get a loan right now given the pandemic, but i know you can get through this!
i can relate to that as well. i have two little ones and they are doing great.
do you have any family members or friends that you can talk to about this?
i am sure that you will find a way to stay focused and stay strong during this time.
i am glad that i could be of some help to you. i wish you the best of luck during this time.
i am so sorry to hear that. can you tell me what happened?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i can understand how you are feeling. have you tried talking to him about it?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can confide in?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation.
i can tell that you are very upset about this. how long have you been in a relationship with him?
i think that you will be able to trust your partner if he tells you that he is lying.
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to him about it?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure that you have a good relationship with your partner.
i think that you should ask him why he is distant from you?
i think that it is a very hostile workplace. do you think that you should give him an ultimatum?
have you spoken to your friends or family about the situation?
i think you should try to talk to him about it and ask him why he is behaving like this.
i think that would be a good idea.
yes, it can be hard to go on with a relationship when you do not know the whole truth.
have you been able to talk to him about your feelings?
i have been intimate with a lot of people over the past few months.
i think that would be a good first step. i am sure that you will be able to connect with him first.
i think that is a good place to start. communication is important. it is important that you communicate with each other first, and if he doesn't want to talk to you about the situation, then it is best to let him know how you feel first.
it sounds like you are both going through a stressful time. do you think that there is something that he is hiding?
you are welcome. i wish you the best of luck.
well, i think that you should try to talk to his fellow students first. they may be able to help you understand the situation.
well, i would try to be subtle about that. i would ask if you have met any of his classmates.
well, it sounds like you both have a lot in common with each other.
i would ask him if he is aware of the situation. i would ask if he has any close friends that he can talk to.
hello, how are you today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what happened?
that must be really hard. im sorry to hear that. how long were you together?
i can tell you are very upset about that. it must be very hard for you to go on without your partner. when did this happen?
i can see how that would make you feel. is there any chance you could talk to friends or family about this?
it sounds like you have a lot on your mind right now. what do you want to do now?
i hear you. brene brown and her work.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
i know it's hard but you can do it.
i understand. i have been in a similar situation. i know it's hard, but you can do it.
i think you will find a way to let go of the bad relationship and focus on the good. you will be fine.
i'm sorry you had to go through that. it's not your fault. you are not alone. you deserve to be happy.
i understand how you feel. you have been through the suck. you are not alone in this.
i'm glad to hear that. i wish you the best of luck.
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're having a hard time finding a new job because of the pandemic. is that correct?
i'm sorry to hear that. covid has been a real drag on our lives right now. is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
i understand how you are feeling. i have been in the same situation and i understand how anxious you are right now. have you been able to talk to your boss about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are trying hard to do your best. is there anything else i can help you with?
i understand how you feel. i have been in the same situation and i can tell how anxious you are right now.
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to your supervisor about the quotas?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're trying hard to get out of quota based work.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself.
i can see how that would make you feel. also, do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i'm sure you will be able to get a better job.
i understand. it's not fair in any other country. i've been in that position myself.
i'm glad i was able to help!
hello, how are you today?
i am so sorry to hear that. how long have you been together?
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are supporting him in that way. is that correct?
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in that situation myself.
i know that is a hard situation to be in but i know you will get through this.
i am sorry to hear that. have you talked to your son about this?
i can understand how you are feeling. have you tried to talk to him about how he is acting?
i think you need to talk to him about it and tell him that you want him to stop seeing your boyfriend as the enemy and that you will support him no matter what.
i would suggest talking to your boyfriend about how you are feeling and letting him know that you are there for him no matter what.
i can understand how you are feeling but i think you need to talk to your son about how you want a happy household.
i am sure he will grow quickly.
you too.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. it's been a long time.
i'm so sorry to hear that. how long were you together?
i understand, covid has been really hard on you. have you tried talking to friends or family about it?
i understand, covid has been a hard year for everyone. have you tried reaching out to your family for support?
i understand. covid has taken a toll on a lot of people. what kind of hobbies do you have?
i understand, i have been in a similar situation in the past. i have found that it is important to take care of yourself in order to get through this.
i have found it helpful to think of things in a positive way to help us overcome our grief. do you have any hobbies?
i can understand that, i have been in that situation myself. i have found that it helps me to be more self aware and be less dependent on my wife.
i have found that when i get stressed, it helps to break things into smaller pieces.
i am really glad to hear that. i know it can be hard to find time to get out of the house, but i know you can do it!
i hope you have a great night.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that is causing you to feel anxious?
oh, that is a lot of work... i can understand how stressful that can be. i have been in that position myself.
it sounds like you are trying hard to find a job that will allow you to stay home late.
it's great that you are trying to find a job. i know it can be frustrating, but i think you are doing the right thing.
i think it's great that you are putting out applications for jobs that are outside of your normal hours.
i think it's important to remember that you are not alone in your situation. have you talked to your co - workers about how you are feeling?
oh, that's a good idea! i've been in situations like that before where i have to walk home late.
oh i understand. i've been in a relationship for two months and i can tell how stressed you are about the situation.
that's a good idea! i've been in relationships where i had to rely on friends to get me home late.
that's okay, i'm sorry to hear that. i don't think you should feel guilty about it.
that's good to hear! i'm glad that you two are able to talk about your feelings and worries.
that's a tough situation to be in, i'm sorry to hear that.
i understand how you feel. i've been in a similar situation myself and it's very difficult to get out of a relationship. i know how stressful it can be, but i know you can do it!
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure it's difficult for you to go through all this, especially when you're not able to help him.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're worried that he's going to lose his apartment because of covid.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i think it's important to remember that you are at your end and you don't know how to act and react to this.
i'm so sorry to hear that, i'm sure that you're very grateful to have been able to help this person. have you tried to talk to him about your feelings and concerns?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure that it would be difficult for you to be able to financially support him. is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. i am sure that you would feel the same way if you were offered to help him financially. do you think that this would be a good idea for you to start looking for a new job?
i think that you're very welcome. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. i think that you're doing the right thing by being able to talk to me and express your feelings and feelings to me.
i understand that. it's very difficult to be so far away from your loved one, especially given the current pandemic situation.
you're very welcome. i wish you all the best in the future.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself, but i think that it's important to remember that you are not alone in feeling this way.
i don't think that's a good idea. i think that it's important to be able to talk to him about what you're feeling and how you are feeling.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're really anxious about him and want to be close to him. have you spoken to him about this?
i'm sure that's a great idea! it's great that you guys are talking about your feelings and your relationship with each other.
i'm sure he wouldn't be open to that.
i understand that, it's very hard to be comfortable with someone who isn't the romantic type.
i think that is a great idea, it's a great way to get to know each other and take care of yourself.
i'm sorry to hear that, i know it's hard right now but i think you can do it!
i'm sure that you will find someone to talk to, even if it isn't your best friend.
that's a really tough situation to be in right now, i am sure that you will be able to make it through this!
i am sure that you will find a job soon, it is just a matter of time before the pandemic is over.
i'm sure that you are trying your best to find a job and you will be able to do it.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. why do you think your friends don't want to hang out with you?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
it sounds like you feel like you don't want to hang out with people?
i like to talk to people and listen to their stories. it is a good way to get your mind off of things.
i try to focus on the good things that i like to do. i try to take care of myself. i don't want to be alone.
do you have any hobbies or interests that you like to do?
you too. bye.
hello, how are you?
good day, how are you doing?
i am so sorry to hear that. it seems like we are all in the same predicament right now.
i understand. it's hard to be 76. are you able to enjoy the rest of your life right now? do you have any hobbies you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any family you can talk to?
i understand. it's hard to be depressed when you feel like you are not doing all you can. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
you are welcome. i wish you all the best in the future.
you too! i hope you have a great day!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are having romantic feelings for a friend but she doesn't share those feelings with you in return.
it sounds like you have been trying to put distance between yourself and this friend but she doesn't share those feelings with you in return.
i can totally understand how you are feeling. i have been in the same situation myself and i know how hard it can be to let go of someone who doesn't share your feelings with you.
i think you should let her know that you love her and that you are ready to move on from this friendship.
i have had a lot of money and i know how hard it can be to find a romantic partner.
i think you should start with hobbies that you enjoy and then see if they are something that makes you feel like you want to go out with someone that isn't her. if they aren't interested in your hobbies then maybe you should try to join a local group that has similar interests.
i'm glad to hear that. i wish you all the best in your future.
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. is there something specific that you'd like to talk about?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you tried any other methods to lose weight?
it sounds like you have really been trying hard to lose weight. do you have any other food you like to eat?
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you have been trying hard to lose weight. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i'm sure you can find some new tips to help you lose weight.
it sounds like you are really worried about your weight loss goals. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i think it would be a good idea to talk to your friends and see what you can do to help you lose weight.
i think you are doing a great job. it sounds like you are really trying hard to lose weight. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
well, you could join their classes and see if you can find some new ways to lose weight.
i'm glad that i was able to be of some help. i'm sure that you are doing a great job! is there anything else i can help you with?
you're welcome! i hope that i have been able to be of some help.
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. five years is a long time to give your heart to someone.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position before. i know it's hard, but i know you can do it.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself.
i'm sorry to hear that. i know it's hard to move on from a relationship, but i know you can do it.
i'm sorry to hear that, i've been in that situation myself, and it's hard to keep my head up.
i'm sorry, i've been in that position before. i don't think you should blame yourself, you deserve better than what happened.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been there, and i know how hurtful it can feel.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been there, and i know how hard it can be.
i can understand why that would make you feel that way, but maybe you should take a step back and let her know how you feel.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you are anxious about finding another job during pandemic.
i see, so you are feeling anxious about the situation? do you have any friends or family you can talk to about it?
i can see that you are anxious about your resume. have you tried reaching out to other companies to see if they might be interested?
that's a great idea, it's good that you are preparing for your next job.
it's good that you have friends who can help you in the sales field.
i see, it's good that you're not afraid to give up, but if you try hard, you will be successful.
i'm sure that you will make the most of this situation.
i can tell that you are a fighter, you will make the most of this situation.
you're welcome, i wish you all the best.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to discuss?
i am sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation myself.
i am so sorry to hear that. i am sure that you will find out soon enough. is there any way you can talk to him about this?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you tried reaching out to friends or family who might be able to support you during this time?
you are welcome, i am glad that i was able to be of some help to you during this difficult time. is there anything else i can help you with?
i think that is a great idea. i think you can try starting it by weekend and see how you feel.
i am so happy to hear that. i am glad that you are feeling better now. i wish you the best in the future.
you too.
i am so sorry to hear that. how are you feeling about losing your job?
i am sorry to hear that. is there any chance of losing your job due to the pandemic?
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in your shoes before and i know how difficult it can be to be late to work.
i have been in that position before. i have had to take care of a sick grandmother and had to explain to my boss why i was late to work. have you tried to talk to your boss about this?
that's a great idea! i am sure you will be able to convince your boss to let you stay late and make up the work. is there anything else i can help you with?
that's a great idea. i am sure you will be able to convince your boss to let you stay late.
i think you should reach out to hr and talk to your boss about the situation. it's a good place to start.
you're welcome. i hope i have been able to be of some help to you today.
i am sorry to hear that. have you spoken to hr about this?
that's a long time! i have been in the same situation and i know how anxious it can be. is there anything else i can help you with?
you are very welcome. i am sure you will find a new job soon.
i'm doing well, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific going on that's bothering you?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i have been worried about my job security as well.
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in the same situation and i know how stressful it can be.
that's good to hear. have you talked to your loved ones about this?
i think you should take some time to meditate and see if you can feel better. i have been on medication for depression too and it helped me alot.
well i am sorry to hear that. have you ever tried to talk to friends or family about this?
yes i recommend reading a lot of books. i also recommend reading about people who are going through the same thing.
well, i would recommend reading the davinci code. it is a really good book to read.
hello, how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that position too..
if you're not able to find a job due to the pandemic, it's a good time to start looking for a new hobby..
i think you're doing the right thing. i know it's hard to keep your mind off of the pandemic, but i think you can do it!
that's great! it's hard to keep track of what's going on, but you're doing the right thing..
that's understandable. it's hard to find a purpose when you're in your 30s..
hello, how are you doing?
i can understand how you are feeling. i lost my aun a couple weeks ago, so i can understand why you are sad.
it is natural to feel sad when someone you care about dies.
i understand how you feel. i have lost a close friend a couple years ago, and it is hard to find someone to talk to about it.
i understand. it is natural to feel sad when someone you care about dies. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
it sounds like you are feeling sad about your aunt's death, but you are not alone in feeling that way.
that is a good place to start. i would suggest talking to your family about your aunt's death and asking them if you can talk about it with them.
i think journaling is a great idea.
you are welcome.
you are welcome. i hope you have a good day.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you talked to him about this?.
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are having trouble dealing with someone who is asking you to be on the board with him.
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are having a hard time dealing with someone who wants to be with you. is that correct?
that sounds like a good plan. do you think it might be possible for him to spend time with you as well?
i think that would be a good place to start. maybe you could ask him straight out what his intentions are and see if he is interested in you.
i think that you should be able to tell him straight out what you are feeling..
i think it would be a good idea to move on from this.
i think that there are a lot of benefits to it.
i think that it is a good thing to be able to move on from this. it gives you more clout.
i think that you should be aware that there are benefits to being on the board.
i am sure that you are not the only one who is using you. do you think that it might be worth talking to him about it?
i am sorry to hear that. do you think that it might be possible for him to be manipulating you?
i think that it is important to be aware that you are not the only one who is feeling this way. do you think that there are any other people in your life who might be aware of this?
i think that you are doing the right thing by letting him know how you feel. i think that it is important that you tell him that you feel that you have an advantage and that you don't want to be manipulated.
i think that it would be best for you to forget about him and the board.
have you thought of taking up a new hobby? it might be worth looking into.
i think that it's been a really tough year for everyone. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i think that you are doing the right thing by being strong about it.
i think that you have done the right thing by being strong about it. it's a shame that you did not do anything wrong.
i think that you need to be strong about it. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i am glad to hear that. is there anything else i can help you with today?
i am so sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about it?
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are struggling with your studies. is that correct?
i am a mature student and struggling with my studies is understandable. i am also a student with a lot of anxiety. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
it sounds like you are a mature student who is struggling to get back on track with your studies. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i would suggest starting with a list of things that you need to do to make you feel better about your studies.
i think that would be a good idea. i think that it would be good to talk to your classmates first. they might be able to help you.
i think that would be a great idea. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i think you should reach out to your classmates first and tell them that you are struggling with your studies.
i think that would be a great idea. break it down into smaller chunks.
yes, i think that is a good idea. i think you could start with a small list of things you have to do, and then break it down into smaller chunks.
you are welcome.
you are welcome.
you too.
hello, how are you doing today?
what is on your mind today?
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation myself.
i am so sorry to hear that. i am sure she is doing great.
i understand your concern. i was also worried about my parents as well. my parents were also in the hospital for covid too. i am glad you are able to talk to your aunt about it.
that's a good idea. i think you are doing the right thing.
do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i am glad to hear that! have you taken any vitamin c supplements?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried to talk to your friends about it?
i am glad to hear that!
i am glad i could help! : )
i am sorry to hear that. shopping can be addictive too.
i have a lot of chocolate too.
that's a great idea!
you're welcome!
i'm so sorry to hear that. how long ago did this happen?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
that sounds like a very toxic relationship. do you think you should be able to move on with your life without him?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure that you can find someone who will be willing to forgive you for what you did and be honest with you.
i can relate to that. i have been in a similar situation myself. i had a lot of pain and it took me a long time to get over it, but once i did i was able to move on and see someone else.
i am sorry to hear that. i am glad that you have someone to talk to about this.
ok i understand. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i think you should go talk to him and see if he is sincere. i think it is a good idea to do that.
you are very welcome. i hope things will go well for you. i wish you all the best in the future.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am so sorry to hear that. i lost my job too.
i am sorry to hear that. i lost my job about 2 weeks ago and it was a very stressful time. how long have you been out of work?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i can understand that. i have also lost my job due to covid. i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to that might be able to help?
i see. i am sorry to hear that. do you have any other friends or family that you can talk to?
i think you should try taking vitamin d supplements when the weather is bad. i am sure you will be able to get through this!
i am glad that you are taking vitamin d supplements now. i am sure that you will be able to get through this!
i can understand that. i have had to rely on my husband a lot during this pandemic. do you have any other family members that you can talk to?
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are scared because of the possibility of him seeing pictures of the car you bought for your wife today.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any family members that you can talk to about this?
i understand how you feel. do you have any family members you can talk to?
i can understand how you are feeling. have you talked to him about the situation?
i can understand how that would be upsetting for you. have you talked to him about the pictures?
i would suggest asking him if he saw the pictures of the car you bought for your wife and ask him why he did not say anything about it.
i would suggest talking to your close friend and letting him know how you feel. ask him if he saw the pictures of the car you bought for your wife and ask if he can borrow the money.
you are welcome. i wish you the best of luck.
you are welcome.
i would suggest talking to him and letting him know how you feel about the situation.
you are welcome.
you are welcome.
i'm sorry to hear that. what is going on?
i am sorry to hear that. why do you think you are having issues with your parents?
i understand that it can be very difficult to deal with parents when they want you to date someone close to your age.
i can understand how you feel. i have been in the same situation with my parents in the past.
i can understand your frustration with your parents. i have been in that position myself.
i think that would be a great idea. maybe you could talk to them about how you guys are feeling and let them know that you guys like each other for who you are.
i understand it can be frustrating talking to your parents. but i think you should try to talk to them in person as much as possible.
i think it is a good idea to bring your g. f with you.
i think it is a good idea to bring your good friend with you.
yes, i believe you guys should talk to your parents about this.
i am sorry to hear that. how can i help you?
i can understand how you are feeling. have you studied online before?
i can understand how you are feeling. i had a lot of work to do and it took me a long time to study.
i think you should ask her to help you study and see if she can give you a short version of the subject.
i'm sure you can do it, just don't give up.
i'm sure you will do fine, don't let your self doubt get the best of you.
i'm glad to hear that, i'm sure you will do great!
i'm sure you will do great!
you too!
i'm not sure what to do, but i think staying cool is one of the best things you can do.
yes, i hope you have a good night of rest!
yes, you are welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation myself. is there anything you would like to talk about?
i see, you are ashamed of your depression symptoms. is that correct?
i'm sorry to hear that. i am here to listen. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i see. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
that's very important. you are not alone in feeling this way. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you today. you are welcome.
i'm glad i could be of some help.
you are welcome, i hope you feel better soon.
i can tell from your responses that you are very tired, but i am sure that you will feel better soon. is there anything else you would like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried any sleep hygiene techniques?
i am sorry to hear that, i am sure you will be able to find a new job soon.
i understand it's hard to accept when everyone else has their own problems. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i'm sure you'll find someone who will listen to you and help you get through this.
that's not a good idea at all.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you can use this time to make yourself feel better.
i'm glad to hear that. i wish you the best of luck with your job search.
i'm glad to hear that. i don't know if you have any hobbies or hobbies that you enjoy but i'm sure you'll enjoy them.
it's good that you're not going to go to other peoples houses. i'm sure you'll be able to find a friend or family member to talk to.
i'm glad i could help you.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm good, how can i help you?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any other reason?
i can understand how you feel. do you study for a test?
i am sorry to hear that. you should try to study as much as you can.
i am sorry to hear that you did not study but i think you can do it. is there anything else i can help you with?
i think you can do it.
you can do it.
i hope you feel better soon.
hello, how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation as you.
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried reaching out to her by phone or social media?.
well, it's natural to be jealous of a friend who has been making new friends for so long.
i'm sorry to hear that. i think you should focus on your friends and not on your own.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're working a lot and trying to make new friends in the pandemic.
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're feeling lonely and depressed at the same time.
i'm glad to hear that. the vaccine will be available soon and the weather is getting warmer.
i'm sure it's a good idea to take some time for yourself and get some fresh air.
it's a great idea to join a book club, maybe you'll be able to meet new people.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am here to listen. what is going on?
i am sorry to hear that. what type of job are you looking for?
i understand that. have you been looking for other jobs since the pandemic began?
i can understand that you are trying to find a job but there are not many out there. do you have friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i understand that you are looking for a job that will allow you to find a more suitable position. is there anything else that you would like to talk about?
i can understand how difficult it can be to find a job when there are so many applications out there.
i understand. there are a lot of job postings on job boards. do you have any other friends or family that you can talk to about the situation?
i am not sure if they charge you anything at all, but i would suggest trying to see if they are willing to give you a little more than what you are currently paying.
you are not alone. i am sorry to hear that. it seems like things are out of control in many parts of the world right now. is there anything else i can help you with?
you are very welcome. i wish you the best of luck with your job search.
what kind of jobs are you looking for?
i'm so sorry to hear that. what type of jobs are you looking for?
i would suggest going online and looking for a job. there are a lot of online job sites out there.
i would suggest going online and looking for a job.
i would suggest going to job boards or job websites to fill out resumes and see if they have resumes.
i would suggest going online and looking for a job.
i would suggest doing something you enjoy doing at home.
okay, you have to take care of your grandson.
okay, maybe you should look for a part time job?
okay, so you are not working from home? is that correct?
i'm sorry to hear that. why are you stressed?
i'm so sorry to hear that. distance learning can be stressful.
i can understand how you are feeling. i used to be in a similar situation. i had to pull up zoom on my laptop and watch the instructor do excel on a smaller screen.
i'm sorry to hear that... that's a lot to deal with.
i can see how that can make you feel anxious.
it sounds like you've been through a lot of learning.
it's a great idea. it's also a good way to connect to your computer.
i live in an apartment or home. it's a bit different but i think you can do it.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm doing well, thanks for asking. is there anything bothering you?
i am sorry to hear that. would you like to talk about it?
i see, you are married and you don't act on social media. is that correct?
i think you should try to think of things like that in a positive light.
i see, you are not talking to him because you don't want to hurt his feelings. you are talking to your fiance because you want to be with him.
i am sorry to hear that. have you spoken to your fiance about the situation?
i think it might be best to stop talking to him because you do not want to hurt his feelings.
you are very welcome. i wish you the best of luck.
i think it might be, but it might not be.
i can see how that would be difficult. i think you need to take some time to yourself.
i hope i have been able to be of some help to you.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure that you have done very well in your exams..
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in school for thirty years and i am proud of myself for achieving my academic goals. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i think that you are being too hard on yourself. have you spoken to your parents about this?
i would suggest reaching out to a professional counsellor in your area. i think that there are a lot of free counselling services out there for free.
i am sure that there are a lot of free therapists out there for people who are struggling.
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds as though you are very anxious about it. do you have any friends or family that you can confide in?
i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about it?
i am sorry to hear that. how long ago did this happen?
i am so sorry to hear that. i can understand how you feel. i have been in the same situation myself and i know how hard it can be to let someone take advantage of you.
i am so sorry to hear that. have you tried to talk to her about the situation?
i have been in a similar situation and i can understand how you feel. i had a friend who took my money and ran a business and ended up losing it.
i am so sorry to hear that. i am sure there is a way to get your money back.
i think you should call a lawyer and get the money back. i think that would be a good first step.
i think you should seek professional help. i would also seek advice from a professional.
i think it is a good idea to go to a lawyer and see if they can help you get your money back.
hi, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation.
i think you should try to meditate a lot. it's a good way to keep your mind off of things.
yes, it can be very challenging, but you can do it, and it will help you : )
i'm sorry to hear that, but i think you can do it : )
i'm glad to hear that. i'm sure you will be able to get through this!
yes i agree, but try not to let the negative thoughts get the best of you!
you're welcome!
i'm sorry to hear that. what happened?
i can understand how you are feeling. have you spoken to your friend about this?
i can tell how upset you are about that. i have been in the same situation and i am very proud of you for taking the time to come out of it.
oh, i am so sorry to hear that. have you spoken to her about the situation?
i am sorry to hear that. i would ask her if she could afford to repay the amount of money she borrowed from you and see if she would be willing to pay it back immediately.
i understand. it is important that you talk to your friend about the situation and ask her if she can help you with the logistics. it sounds like you are concerned about your friend's financial situation and want to help her out.
i can understand how you feel. i am sorry to hear that. i think you should be able to talk to your friend about this and see if she is willing to help you out.
i can understand how that would make you feel. have you spoken to her about the situation?
i suggest that you talk to your friend about the situation and tell her how you are feeling and ask her if she is willing to help you.
i would suggest you talk to her about the situation and let her know how you are feeling. i think that would be a good thing to do.
you are very welcome. i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you.
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
what is making you sad?
what is making you sad?
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in the same situation as you.
i know it is hard to find a job after graduation but i know you can do it.
it sounds like your CV is not good. is that correct?
i think you could improve your resume to improve your chances of finding a job.
i think you are doing the right thing by talking to your family.
i know it will take time but you have to be patient and take care of yourself.
do you have any friends or family that you could talk to about this?
that is the worst time to graduate.
i am glad i was able to help you.
you too.
hello, how are you doing?
i'm sorry to hear that. i have been looking for a job for months, but it seems like you are getting nowhere.
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are trying to find a new job but it may not pay what you are looking for.
i'm sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you have a lot of skills and are looking for a new job.
i know it is hard to find a new job, but i believe it will work out.
yes, i believe you will get it.
that's a big deal. i believe you will get it.
that's great. you will be able to find a new job soon.
i'm sure that you will get it.
that's great. you are very welcome. you're welcome.
i'm sorry to hear that. your job is to make sure that your needs are met.
that's a great job. it sounds like you're trying hard to make sure that you are in the best position to do your job.
i can tell that you are very excited about the possibilities of the new facility. i know it is a challenge, but i think you can do it!
that is a long way to go. you will get your real job. i am proud of you for your hard work and dedication to your job.
you are welcome. i am sure you will find your real job soon.
hello, how are you doing today?
it sounds like you have been evicted because of covid 19. that is a really hard situation to be in.
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in that situation before. i had a friend who was evicted due to covid 19. i did not have a job at the time, but i had to apply for unemployment and was denied because of covid.
i would try to talk to friends or family about the situation. i would also try to reach out to your landlord about your situation and see if they can help you.
i can understand that feeling. i have been in this situation before and i have learned a lot about how to get out of it. have you tried talking to your friends or family about the situation?
i did not wash up or brush your teeth. i did not know that they still put you out. i don't think you should be ashamed of your actions. i am sorry to hear that. i have been homeless for years and i was not able to afford to stay on the street for long.
i hope you and your family have a good thanksgiving.
i'm sorry to hear that. what happened?
i can understand how you feel. it must be hard for you to go through this.
i think you should try to talk to her and explain your feelings to her.
i think you can try to talk to her later and explain your feelings to her.
i can understand your feelings. you should try to talk to her about it.
hello, how are you?
i'm doing well, thanks. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there any particular reason you are feeling down?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i understand how you feel, i have been in the same situation myself and it has been very hard to get out of it.
that sounds like a great idea. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing to keep yourself occupied?
that's a great strategy, keeping busy and not watching too much news.
that is a great way to keep your mind off of the news.
that's great that you are trying to keep busy and not watch the news.
i'm sorry to hear that, it sounds like you're trying to stay positive and keep your mind off of things.
that's understandable. do you have any family members you can confide in?
i'm glad to hear that. it sounds like you're trying hard to open up to your husband about the situation. i wish you the best in the future.
you're welcome. i'm glad to hear that you're feeling better.
hello, how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on at work?
i can understand how that would make you feel. i have been in that position myself.
i'm sorry to hear that. i have been in that position myself. i've been in a similar situation where i had to tell my boss that i didn't want to complain to him.
i'm sorry to hear that. have you talked to your boss about this?
that's a very good idea. i'm sure you're not the only one who feels that way.
have you tried talking to him about how he feels about the task?
i think you should talk to his secretary and ask how he feels about the task.
i'm sure that's a great idea!
i'm glad i could be of some help.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to your friends about covid?
oh that is so frustrating. i am so sorry to hear that your friends aren't taking covid seriously.
i see. i think it's important to stand up for yourself and stand by what you feel is right.
i think it's important to remember that you're not alone in feeling this way. it may be a good idea to take some time away from your friends and family to get some fresh air. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i know it's hard to know what is right and what isn't right, but you can do it!
i think it's smart to try to avoid the people you care most about. i think you'll be able to find a way to keep your distance from your friends and avoid the pandemic.
i'm sorry to hear that. i think it's important to remember that we live in fear, and that we can't live our lives in fear. however, it is important to take care of yourself.
i think it is important to remember that we are not living in fear, we are living in the moment, and we are making the right choice by staying home for the safety of others.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i think you and your husband are doing the right thing by staying home.
that's scary. i think it's important to remember that you are not seeing your friends because you don't want to be around them.
you're welcome. i hope things get better for you soon.
hi, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are taking care of your wife.
it sounds like you're feeling overwhelmed by the situation. is that correct? i know it's a tough situation to be in, but i know you can get through it!
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in that position myself. i know it's hard to give someone a gift when you're already struggling to pay bills, but i'm sure you'll be able to do it!
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure that you will find out that you are not alone in feeling this way. i think that you should use credit cards to pay your bills and utilities.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm doing okay, thank you for asking. what's bothering you?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i can understand how that would make you feel. i know it's hard to get up in the morning, but i think you're doing your best.
i'm sure it's been a crazy year for everyone. i've been doing mturk a lot and it really helps me stay focused.
that sounds like a really hard thing to do, but i think you can do it!
yes, i think it's okay to feel bummed out, but if you don't want to end the day feeling like you've bummed it out, then you can look forward to the new year and see that you're not alone in feeling that way.
it sounds like you're missing out on a lot of the fun that 2021 brings.
i'm sure it will be. i used to paint and draw too, but i've found that it's so much easier to get back into it than it is to get out of it.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in a similar situation in the past, but i know you can get through this!
hello, how are you today?
i'm doing well, thank you for asking. how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. have you been looking for other work since covid closed down?
i'm sure you will find a job that will pay you more than what you are currently making. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
i can understand how you feel. do you have any friends or family who could help you find a new job?
i am sorry to hear that. i am glad you are able to work from home.
i hope i have been able to be of some help to you.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well, thanks for asking. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. how long ago did this happen?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like she did not see the benefit in your relationship.
i can understand how you are feeling, i was in a similar situation when i broke up with my girlfriend and ended up in a relationship with another man.
i think you are doing the right thing by being the best you can be!
i was in a similar situation a few years ago and tried to focus on myself and my career. it helped me a lot.
you are very welcome. i wish you the best of luck with your future endeavors.
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. is there anything you want to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am glad to hear that. what are you doing with your kids?
i am doing what i love to do.
i am glad to hear that. i am also a mom of two. is there anything else i can help you with?
that's a good name. i'm glad to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that. how long have you been together?
i am sorry to hear that. what do you want to do now?
i am sorry to hear that.
hello! how are you today?
i am doing well, thank you for asking! is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am doing well. is there anything bothering you that you would like to discuss?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything you can do to help prepare for the exam?
i can understand how you feel, i have been in the same situation myself. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
it sounds like you are worried that you won't be able to complete your degree.
that sounds like a really hard situation to be in, but i know you can do it!
that's great! it's always good to get out in nature to clear your mind.
i'm sure you will be able to complete your degree!
i'm sorry to hear that. what happened?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are worried about losing your job and worried about paying the bills.
that is a great idea. you will be able to find a new job soon.
it sounds like you are trying really hard to find a job.
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are trying really hard to find a new job.
i'm sure you will find a good job soon.
i think that is a great idea. you are doing the right thing by applying and applying for positions.
i'm glad to hear that you are trying to find a job. i'm sure you will find one soon.
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried any of these options?
i'm glad to hear that.
hello, how are you today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in a similar situation.
i can totally understand how you feel. i have been in this position myself and i know how difficult it can be.
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in this position myself and i know how hard it can be to let go of someone you have known for so long.
have you ever tried to talk to any of your friends about how you are feeling?
i had a good relationship with my ex - boyfriend and it was very hard but i got through it.
i think that would be a great way to get your mind off of him.
i think that you need to think a bit more highly of yourself and not let people treat you badly.
i think you need to think a bit more highly of yourself and not let people treat you that way.
i think that you should try to find a therapist who will be able to help you.
i think that you should talk to a professional therapist. it might help you a lot.
i think that it is normal to feel judged by people. do you think that you should be able to talk to people you don't know about this?
i think that it is a great idea to get out of your ex's world and do some activities that you enjoy.
you're welcome. i hope that i have been able to be of some comfort to you.
hello, how are you doing today?
hello. what is going on?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation and i know how hard it can be to stay home.
i can understand how that can feel. i have been in that position myself and i know how hard it is to be alone...
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you would like to explore?
you are welcome. i am sure that you guys will be able to do something fun!
i am glad to hear that. i am glad that you are feeling a little better now. i wish you all the best in the future.
you too!
i am glad to help!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what happened?
i am sorry to hear that. it must be difficult for you to lose your job.
i have also lost my job a few years ago but i had a friend who was looking for a new job and he was able to find a new one.
i am sorry to hear that you are losing your job. have you talked to any of your friends or family about it?
i can see how that would be a tough situation to be in right now.
i know it is hard to find work right now but i know you can find something online.
yes i think you could call your friend and ask her if she could help you find something else.
yes it would be hard but you could try selling things online and see if they are more affordable.
i am sorry to hear that you are concerned about losing your house but i know you can do it.
i think that is a good place to start and it could help you find something more permanent.
i understand your concern but i think it would be best to let her know how you are feeling and to give her some suggestions as to how you could improve your resume.
hello, how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. covid has been a stressful year for everyone.
oh i see. so you are waiting for the results of your school?
i think that would be a good place to start. i am sure that you will be able to find a way to get through this!
i understand how you are feeling, i am sure that you will be able to get through this!
i am sure that you will be able to get through this!
i am sure that you will do great in your classes. i wish you all the best in your exams.
i think that you will do great with online learning though!
that is a great idea! i am sure that you will do great with online learning.
you are welcome, i hope that things go well for you.
you too!
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you're feeling the same. is there anything you would like to talk about?
i can understand how you are feeling. i have also struggled with the same thing in school. have you tried any peer support groups to help you with your work?
it sounds like you are stressed out about the amount of work that you have to do. i am sure that you are doing the best you can, and i know that you will be able to do it.
that is a great idea. i am sure that you will be able to find a way to relax and take care of yourself.
i am sure you will be able to find a way to manage your schedule. i have also found that when i am struggling with school work, it helps to take my mind off of it and concentrate on things that are important to me. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
i am sure that you are able to do a great deal of studying. i also found that taking a lot of breaks from school helped me immensely.
i used to struggle with this as well, but i found that when i studied hard, i felt better about it. i used to study with my parents as well. they were very supportive of me.
i think it is normal to feel upset when you do poorly on an exam that you studied so hard for.
yes, it is normal to feel upset. i would suggest talking to your professor or an academic advisor to explore strategies that could help you improve.
you're welcome : d
hello, how are you today?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you're feeling anxious about the situation.
i'm glad to hear that you're able to find a way to stay focused on your studies.
you're very welcome! i'm sure you'll do great!
i'm sure you're doing everything you can to get through this! i know it's hard, but i think you can do it!
you're very welcome. i hope you have a great day!
yes, it's great that you're taking steps to get rid of the phone. is there anything else i can help with?
yes, i'm glad i was able to help!
you're very welcome! i wish you all the best in the new year!
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you're trying to find your way back to the way you were.
i'm glad to hear that. i think it's important to take care of your mental health and your physical well - being.
yes, it's true. i'm sure you're doing your best to take care of yourself. i hope you are able to get through this!
yes, i know it's difficult but i think you can do it!
yes, i'm glad to hear that. i wish you the best of luck with your exams and exams.
you're welcome, i'm glad i could help.
you're welcome!
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. pandemic depression can be hard to deal with. what have you been doing to cope with it?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've been in the same situation as you. the pandemic has been going on for months, and i'm sure that you're feeling the same way.
i understand how you feel. it's like you're in a perpetual state of anxiety and depression, and you don't want to be in a constant state of isolation..
i understand how you feel. i have been in that position myself. i try to keep my distance from my wife as much as possible, but it's not the same.
i'm sure that will end soon. it's been a long time since we have been able to see our loved ones.
i think that's a good place to start. i hope that you are able to continue to maintain your relationship with your wife..
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you failed your exam. is that correct?
that's a tough situation to be in, but you can do it.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've had a similar situation myself. i can't imagine how stressful it must be for you.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been in that situation myself.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you'll get through this.
ok, i'm glad you're willing to give it another shot. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure you can do it!
i'm glad you're willing to take the time to clear your mind.
hello how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about it?
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in love with someone for a long time.
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in a relationship like that for 5 years.
i think taking a trip would be a great way to get over the relationship.
i know it's hard, but i know you can get through this!
that's a great idea! you can do things without your partner. do you have any hobbies that you like to do?
i think that's a great idea! i know you can get through this!
that's a great idea! i'm sure you will be able to get through this!
i think that's a great idea!
you're welcome!
you are welcome!
you too!
hello, how are you doing?
i am doing well, thanks for asking. what's going on?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i can understand how you are feeling. i've been in a similar situation in the past.
i would suggest talking to the people you are close to and letting them know how you feel about it.
i can understand how that would make you feel. i have a 5 year old and i have to take care of my own needs too. i don't think you should be forced to deal with people who do not respect your wishes. i think it would be a good idea to have a conversation with your
i can see how that would be frustrating. i would suggest talking to your boss about how you are feeling and asking if they are aware of your concerns and if they don't respect your wishes.
i think it would be a good idea to see if the boss would let you work part - time for a bit.
i think that would be a great idea. i am sure that you will be able to find a job that will respect your wishes and provide you with some time to spend with your family.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. how can i help you today?
i am sorry to hear that. have you been struggling in your academics?
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been in a similar situation.
well, i took a lot of classes that i didn't know how to do. i was in a trade school and i was able to learn a lot about how to make money.
i can understand how you feel. i went through a similar situation when i was in high school.
i suggest looking for a job that will give you a little bit of extra income for your family. you can also apply to a local library for a part time job.
i feel that you can be a great entrepreneur.
that's a great idea. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy doing?
i went through the same thing as you. i was able to learn a lot about the library and the people there.
i had a lot of experience in the library. i was in the school library for eight years. it was a real challenge.
that's a great idea. i think that you will find a job that will help you.
i suggest keeping an eye out for smart and sexy w = ladies who like to read and research.
you're welcome.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. breakups can be very isolating. how long were you together?
i can understand how you feel, i have been in that situation myself and i know how hard it can be to move on from someone.
i think you should try to talk to him and tell him you want him back but you don't want him to end it..
i can understand how you feel, it sounds like you want to make it up to him somehow and do whatever he wants to get back.
i think that's a great idea, you could try to talk to him calmly and let him know how you feel and ask if he would like to see you again.
i think that's a great idea, i think it would be a good idea to ask him if he would like to talk, if he does not want to talk then you should let him know how you feel and ask if he wants to talk to you again.
i'm sorry to hear that, i think it's a good idea to try to make it up to him and make sure you want to be with someone else for a short amount of time.
i can understand how you feel, i used to feel the same way when i was in college.
i think that's a good thing, i think you should try talking to your parents about this.
i think you are making a lot of good points, but you are missing him as a person.
i am so sorry to hear that. is there anything bothering you?
i am sorry to hear that, it must be hard to be friends with a new friend. have you spoken to your friend about this?
i am so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are worried about your friendship and want to end it on that level.
i would try to focus on yourself and try to make yourself feel better.
i think you need to focus more on yourself.
i think it is time to focus on yourself and not others.
i am glad that you are able to make new friends. what do you like to do when you are alone?
you are welcome, i hope you have a great rest of your day.
hello, how are you doing?
i am doing well, thanks for asking. what's on your mind?
i can understand how you are feeling. i have been studying for a long time and have found a lot of ways to alleviate stress.
i am sorry to hear that, i have been there myself. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i know it can be hard to push past a dead end job when you are younger, but i know you can do it.
it sounds like you have a lot on your plate and are ready to give it a shot.
i have been in a similar situation and i have found that the best thing to do is take a step back and think about what is best for you.
i have been in a similar situation and i have found that finding a job is the best way to get out of it.
i would suggest going to your local college or university and looking online.
i can gain a bit of skill by looking at job boards online. there are also a lot of websites that can help you learn new skills as well.
i would suggest using a search engine like job search engine. there are a lot of options there.
i have tried glassdoor before and it was very helpful.
i use linkedin, i also use it a bit to organize my resume and see if i can complete certain tasks.
i have done a lot of online work in the past so i would suggest using linkedin to organize your accomplishments and personal background.
i would suggest using linkedin, it can be very helpful if you are applying for anything in a professional setting.
i can see where that would be a good place to start.
i think that is a great idea, networking is one of the best ways to get out of your situation.
i am so sorry to hear that, i have a lot of experience in the engineering field as well.
that is a long time, i think you should take about 15 minutes to prepare for your exam.
you are very welcome.
you are very welcome, i hope you are able to get through this!
i'm sorry to hear that. why did he leave you?
i am so sorry to hear that. what is causing you to feel this way?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i think you should focus on something else. maybe you can try to talk to a friend or family member about how you are feeling.
i am so sorry to hear that. i think you should take some time to yourself and focus on your own happiness.
i am coping well with my situation. do you have any hobbies or interests that you like to do?
yes i can cook in my home, but it is hard to cook in your home.
hello, how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
that's awful. i'm sorry to hear that. it's been a long time to enjoy this place. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i'm sorry to hear that. i have also struggled with anxiety and depression in the past as well.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this?
i used to take a lot of medication and it helped me a lot..
i am glad i was able to help you. i wish you the best in the future..
i understand. have you tried to take up a new hobby in order to get your mind off of things?
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i am a student so i understand how you are feeling. i also dabble in hip hop, r & b, and edm. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i haven't done virtual concerts in a while, but i have been doing a lot of yoga and meditation. it's great that you're able to do that.
i'm a big fan of hip hop and r & b. i've been to a lot of virtual concerts over the past few months. i can't wait to get back to them.
do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i hope i have been able to be of some help to you!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i can understand why you are angry at your friend. what happened?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you want to tell me what happened?
i am sorry to hear that. do you think that he was drunk?
i can understand your anger. you should keep distance from him. do you have any friends that you can talk to?
i can understand why you are angry. what did he do?
i think you should keep distance from him and don't do it again.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure that you will be fine.
i think you should keep your distance from him and do not let it get the best of you.
i am glad to hear that. i hope you have a good night.
you too.
you're welcome.
you too.
you too.
hello, how are you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. why are you feeling sad?
i am sorry to hear that, it sounds like you and your friend got fight for misunderstanding. is that correct?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any family members that you can talk to about this?
it sounds like you are feeling down about the situation and want to move on from it. did you try to talk to him about it?
i am sorry to hear that, do you have any other friends that you could talk to about the situation?
i have been friends with him for 5 years and i can tell how devastated you are about the situation.
i think you should try to explain to him that you are feeling down and that you have been friends for 5 years and that he is not having an affair with his girlfriend.
i think the best thing to do is to let him know that you are sorry for the misunderstanding and that you do not trust him enough to move on from this.
i like to play football as well. it is a good way to get your mind off of the situation and move on from it. is there anything else that you would like to talk about?
it sounds like you have a lot of hobbies and that is something that you would like to try to get in touch with.
i am glad to hear that you are feeling better.
you are welcome.
you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what is going on?
i am so sorry to hear that. i have been in the same situation myself.
well, i am sorry to hear that you are feeling this way. i am sure that it is not a good thing to break up with someone you love.
i can tell that you are really upset about this, but there is no need to add additional trauma to the situation.
i can tell that you are very stressed about the situation, but there are a lot of ways to get through it.
i can tell that you are very anxious about this situation, but i think that you can do it.
well, i think that there are a lot of free meditation apps out there that you can use to release negative thoughts.
well, i think that you can use incense to release negative thoughts.
i can tell that you are really anxious about the situation, but there are a lot of ways to release negative thoughts.
well, i had a bad relationship with my ex - boyfriend a few years ago, but i found that i was able to work through my feelings and move on.
i have been in a lot of relationships, and i know how difficult it can be, but i know you can get through this.
i can understand why you would feel obligated to help during christmas.
i can understand why you feel obligated to help him. i used to fight with my partner a lot in high school and i had to end it.
i think it would be a good idea to end the relationship.
i think it's best to let things decompress for a while before starting a new relationship.
yes, it is important to take some time and breathe.
yes, it is sad to feel that way..
yes, it's been very rough for many months..
yes, that is the worst thing to do.
i think you should take some time to yourself and try to focus on yourself.
hello, how are you doing?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i am sorry to hear that. have you been able to talk to your co - workers about the situation?
i see. have you spoken to your co - workers about this?
that's a tough situation to be going through. i have been in that position myself. have you talked to your boss about this?
that's a tough situation to be going through. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
that's a tough situation to be going through.
i see. i would brush up my resume and make it stand out, but that's not likely.
i see. if you don't have the capital, you could start your own business from home.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm so sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
i've been in the same situation and i can tell that you are nervous because you are concerned about your boyfriend and your bestfriend's relationship.
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are worried about your boyfriend and your bestfriend. is this true?
that's great! i've been in the same situation myself. i don't think it's a big deal. i think you are doing the best you can.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends you can talk to about it?
i think brene brown is a group of people who have been through a rough time in their lives.
yes, brene brown is an online writer.
it sounds like you are feeling vulnerable in the relationship. is that correct?
i think it's a good idea to learn more about yourself before making rash decisions.
i think it's great that brene talks about how you are feeling. i'm sure that's a great idea.
you are welcome. i wish you the best of luck in your relationship.
i am mike, how are you doing?
i'm so sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are feeling hopeless and hate your living situation due to covid.
i'm sorry to hear that. i know it's hard to feel like you're stuck at home and not being able to do anything. i'm sure there are a lot of people out there who are feeling the same way.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure it's difficult to find a job when the economy is so bad. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about this?
i understand that you are going through a lot of stress right now. i wish you all the best in the future. i hope you have a good rest of your day.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you could talk to?
i think that is a great idea. if you ever need anything else i can be of some help if you need anything. i wish you the best in the future and stay safe.
you too.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that you are not able to find a job for over 5 years.
why do you feel that way?
i have been trying for over 5 years but i can't find a job due to covid.
i can understand how you feel. have you been looking for work for a while?
i can understand how you feel, i have also been in that position.
i have been in a similar situation and i know how hard it can be to apply yourself.
do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
do you have any friends or family you can talk to?
do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
hello, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. what happened that caused you to break up?
i know it can be hard, but i know you can get through it.
i am sorry to hear that. i have also been through a break up with my partner and i can relate to how you are feeling..
i think you should do what is best for you and take care of yourself. i know it can be hard, but i think you can do it.
i think you should try to take some time to think about the good times you had with your girlfriend. it will help you feel better about the situation.
i think you are doing the right thing by focusing on yourself and your hobbies. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
i am glad that you are able to talk to someone about it. i know it can be hard to get over a breakup, but i know you can do it.
i understand. it sounds like you are not accepting the change. do you think that is the reason you are feeling this way?
i think that is a good place to start. maybe you should try to talk to a close friend or family member about the situation and see if they can help you get back with them.
i think you are doing the right thing. try to talk to your friends and family about the situation.
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about?
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything else i can help you with?
i am sorry to hear that, i have been in that position myself. do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
i see. i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
you are very welcome. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
you sound like a very positive person. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i am sure that you will be able to achieve your goals soon.
well i think you should write a list of goals for yourself. do you have any hobbies or interests that you enjoy?
i think that is a good idea. it will help to set goals for yourself.
you are very welcome.
you too.
hello, how are you doing today?
i am so sorry to hear that. have you talked to your boss about the situation?
that is a really tough situation to be in right now. i have been in that position myself.
i am sorry to hear that. i have been in that position too. it is a tough time, but i know you can get through this!
i have been in business for years and i know it is hard to stay afloat when the pandemic is going on. i am sure you will be able to make it through this!
i see, there are tons of people out there that are trying to make ends meet. i think you should keep a positive attitude.
i think it is great that you are giving back to the community!
